Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, January 6th, 2013. Could Sony be planning to block used games on the next PlayStation?
New hacking progress is made on the 3DS. And could being an MMO player make you a better employee?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week.
The 1st of 2013 of Orange Lounge Radio. The show where every gamer has a voice.
We are here live at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com
Where we do tape live every Sunday night. 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
Right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
My name is Rob Roberts. I'll be joining you over the next few hours. Joining you.
Slow down Rob. I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games and gaming culture and gamer fun with my co-hosts.
And gamers suck maybe. Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Gamer cock.
Gamer cock?
No.
I don't know what kind of show you're co-hosting.
Well, one that involves 3D. No.
But I bet it has a lot of subscribers.
Also joining us, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Techmaster Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Alright. Good times. So here we are. 1st show. 2013.
I hope you all had a safe New Year. Obviously you must have because you're here listening to the show tonight.
Be it in its live form or in its podcast form.
There was a lot of crazy shit that went down on New Years.
I know especially in this neighborhood. Well not like this very neighborhood but in SAC.
I think this was all over the international news or something.
They had those shootings in Old Town and what a bunch of fuckery.
Like leave your guns at home on New Years. Seriously. Why do people feel the need?
Like I know there's second amendments blah blah blah. I don't want to get into the gun debate.
But why do people feel the need to fire their guns on December 31st?
Some of them was shot at at McDonalds around the corner from my house like a couple days ago.
Stop shooting people.
If I was at McDonalds I'd shoot myself too.
Too soon?
Loki, how was your McDonalds that you brought to the show tonight?
It was delicious.
Also the New Years always means that Consumer Electronics Show right around the corner.
So CES is starting this week.
Not usually a lot of video game news out of CES.
You get some things once in a while.
Like I remember Game Room on the Xbox 360.
That was a Consumer Electronics Show announcement a couple years ago.
But now that we see that video game devices are becoming more and more prevalent.
Like these entertainment boxes that are in the living rooms.
You might expect to see a little more about the other stuff that consoles do at Consumer Electronics Show.
I don't really know what that is.
But it might be very interesting to keep an eye on it.
Even with Microsoft's reduced presence and Sony and so forth.
It would be interesting to see what kind of direction they're going in as a company.
Might be dropping some hints about the next gaming systems.
Loki, any thoughts?
Do you think we could get any major gaming news at a Consumer Electronics Show?
I know they're supposed to be doing the stuff for Disney Infinity this week.
So there should be an announcement of that.
Because it's tech sort of.
Okay, because Skylanders technically is not just the game.
It's all those little figurines too.
So they have probably that.
Maybe you might see something in regards to the whole streaming IPTV stuff that Microsoft's planning on rolling out.
Because that seems a little bit more par for CES.
Obviously some stuff new, maybe Android tablets, that kind of thing.
That's pretty much it.
I mean, I can't really think of anything really, really big that would be announced.
Wasn't Sony working on some type of network like that too?
I don't care.
They probably all are, honestly.
Have you played around a lot with the TV thing on the Nintendo Wii?
Oh, you don't have a Wii U.
Yes, I totally have.
Have you read about it?
I watch TV all the time.
No, you know what I mean.
Like the little service, the TV thing on the Wii U.
How much have you read about that?
Because it's pretty interesting.
And it makes me think of the whole consumer devices and stuff.
If I remember correctly, it's basically sort of like what I have with my box seats.
Okay, I want to watch The Office.
And then it's like, okay, you can watch Office on Hulu, you can watch it on Netflix,
you can download episodes from Vudu or something like that.
Or it's live on Channel 3 right now and press this button to flip your TV to check.
Because not only did you spend $350 on a Wii U, but it's a brand new universal remote.
I don't know if you knew that, but it also does those functions with all the infrared and such.
So yeah, the boxy box that I have, which is very obsolete now.
I actually went to Walmart the other day to get some things in.
First thing I did, of course, is check to see how many Wii U's are sitting there.
And there were eight.
So, you know, kind of going back to that, they're not flying off shelves
because they're sitting on shelves.
But I noticed they have a new boxy box, which I'd never fucking buy that.
And I recommend anybody that's thinking about a streaming box, do not buy the fucking boxy.
It is fucking terrible.
Although right now it works alright for Netflix and I like the remote.
And you can stream porn on it pretty easily because they have porn apps that people have made for it.
So it's fantastic for that.
Well, thank God.
Hey, it's got to have some good features to it.
Even this weird, like, I don't know what nationality is.
It comes in HD and it's like, it's like Skinamax all the time.
It has that look of like possibly porn channel and there is some nudity there, but they never really.
It's kind of like, OK, we're watching hot women in skimpy clothes playing darts.
It doesn't make any sense.
Dead or alive beach volleyball.
No, it's just weird.
But we like to look at that every now and then and go, OK, what non-sex things are they doing on this channel?
Anyways, but yeah, so mainly for Netflix, although it's slow and I'm sure there's other things out there.
Although I hear the Ouya works.
In fact, there's actually been a lot of videos showing the Ouya and stuff and using different Android applications on there.
They showed OnLive and how that works out and it works out pretty good.
And also, I forget the program, but it's basically Xbox Media Center.
It's called something else on Android, but that works pretty well.
So you may be able to use that as a streamer as well.
I'm kind of looking forward to that.
But yeah, I haven't really messed around too much with the TV app, but I mean, it looks all right.
I mean, they better work well.
I mean, that's one of the things they're pimping out on it.
I want to introduce the ever present fourth guest on our show, the live chatters.
Hello to all you guys chatting along live with our show.
Live.vognetwork.com is the place where you can join the chat room and you can also check into the show live and so forth.
But if you are listening on the podcast feed, there'll be a hidden word somewhere within the show.
You can put that in at vognetwork.com and get your points later on in the week.
Because we want our live and our podcast folks to both be able to participate as much as possible.
But we love the instant gratification of live.
And we're talking a little bit about TV in the chat room right now.
One of the other parts of TV that I didn't bring up with you, Loki, is that when you watch the sports games and so forth,
you actually get the little play-by-play on the second screen and you can do the whole Miiverse liking and commenting.
Like so-and-so shot a three-point shot from down the court or whatever.
You can actually kind of participate with that.
Well, Tigerclaw in chat is telling me about, I guess they did something similar for Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve.
They were posting little screenshots and people were actually commenting.
And I was saying, Dick Clark's New Year's Eve, I understand it's the first year.
It was the Dickless Dick Clark's Rockin' New Year's Eve, unfortunately. I'm sorry to say.
Who hosts it now? Ryan Seacrest?
The Ryan Seacrest Rockin' New Year's Eve.
So we changed one dick for another.
It was the Dickless Dick Clark New Year's Rockin' Eve, rest in peace.
But I was saying it's really too bad they didn't do it for the Anderson Cooper, Kathy Griffin coverage.
Which always gives America a lot more to talk about the next day.
I love them.
Anyhow, let's see. Jason in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, didn't OnLive die?
Well, yeah, the company got bought by another company, but the service is still going.
It's not dead, it's just another company.
Under new management.
Yeah, pretty much. It's just that everyone likes to hype that crap up.
Oh, it's dead. No, it's still going. People don't focus on it right now.
But hey, it works. That's cool. And that's console games on your Ouya.
The more I hear about the Ouya, I am interested in it.
I did not back the Kickstarter because I was a little bit skeptical.
Some Kickstarters have not gone so well.
But if the Ouya continues to deliver the way people are saying it, it sounds like it would be worth checking out.
Well, hopefully I'll have mine in March.
Hopefully. Maybe. Possibly.
Probably. And at least I know I have one game.
Because I backed evil out, so whenever that comes out.
I might get the Shadowgate game on that. I don't remember.
I backed Shadowgate and I know I get it at least on the consoles.
But I can't remember if they said they were doing an Ouya one or not. I don't remember.
Anyway. Let's see. What else do I want to talk about?
Speaking of March, something I was looking at before the show was a calendar.
Tonight is the 489th episode of our show.
So assuming we don't miss any more episodes.
Because we took a week for the holidays off.
But assuming we do all our shows between now and episode 500.
That means episode 500 is March 31st of this year.
The night before April Fool's Day.
Good lord.
How appropriate for our big milestone.
We have no idea what we're doing for our 500th episode.
We have no idea. I mean we always talk about.
You know. We've been doing this ever since our show turned one year old.
Should we do a big celebration this year? Should we do something for five years?
Should we do something for ten years?
We never. It just ends up being another show.
So we'll see. If you guys have big ideas. What should we do to celebrate episode 500?
How should we. Keep in mind.
We're on a budget. This show has been done very low cost for a long time.
The budget is no budget.
That's right. You better be willing to back a Kickstarter if you start to go crazy.
We do accept BevMo gift cards.
At least I do.
We can build a fort out of. Actually that would be an appropriate way to celebrate episode 500.
We need to find a fort to broadcast from. I think that would be.
We could build a blanket fort.
Or as the certain individual that we saw a couple of days ago. We could just climb under a table.
Why don't you talk about that real quick? Because it is podcast related.
Yes it is.
And you guessed it on another podcast.
I did. Roundaboutly.
About a hundred times the subscribers. A thousand times the subscribers this show does.
But tell the story quickly about the podcast that you quote unquote guessed it on this week.
Well Rob and Alan were awesome and got me a ticket to go to the Smartest Man in the World podcast.
Which is the one that Greg Proops of Whose Line Is It fame is on.
You know he was also Mr. Conductor.
Whose line is it anyway?
Whatever.
He was also a voice in that black and white game with the hacking and slashing on the Wii with the commentary.
Mad World.
Mad World. Thank you.
But he was also Mr. Conductor on both the UK and the American version of Thomas the Tank Engine.
He was also a commentator in the Pod Race segment of.
That's right. He also hosted.
He does a lot of commenting.
He hosted the show Versus on Comedy Central.
You know I think they should really have him commentate more on fictional things.
That would be awesome.
Anyhow, Greg Proops is just.
Wouldn't that just be comment?
Awesome.
Can he like commentate on our show?
Wouldn't that just be comment?
No.
Because comment suggests singular.
Are you saying episode 500 should come with a commentary track?
I think it should.
Hold on.
All right.
Anyhow.
What do you mean hold on?
You were in the middle of the story.
I'm saying if commentate is an actual word.
All right stop it.
Okay it actually is.
But it means specifically for the purpose of an user sports broadcast.
So Greg Proops is awesome.
Well he came out first and shook everybody's hands.
And by then I was already into my second drink.
And.
Yeah classy guy.
Before the thing even starts podcasting.
You know he walks out into the audience and shakes everybody's hand.
And like.
He's really cool.
I was just like.
I actually met him once like 10 years ago.
I don't expect him to remember me.
So I you know I just kind of shook his hand.
I'm like hi there. Nice to meet you.
And he put you know.
Hi I'm Greg.
He was just very very kind.
Yeah.
Well I actually managed to get up there during the question segment after the long boring preachy part.
Which is actually my favorite part of his podcast ever because.
I think there's like very little he says that I don't agree with philosophically.
If you think this show is political too much you may not actually want to download Smartest Man in the World.
Oh download it anyway you learn something.
He does do his boring preachy part.
He knows more about baseball.
Than anyone I know especially the old Negro leagues.
I have learned because I actually was into some of that myself because Hank Aaron's from my hometown.
And you know I knew about Satchel Paige and loved.
All right quickly finish the damn story.
So anyway I get up there and ask him my question comparing modern day political action to the French Revolution and Russian overthrow when they overthrew the stars.
But he was he was fixated on your name at first.
Yes he was fixated on my name.
He said he couldn't hear my name at first so I said Jamie like the bionic woman except without superpowers.
And then he starts serenading me to Van Halen.
And I'm just sitting there going wow.
And then he.
He wrote you a letter.
He said something about like like if he said I don't remember what exactly he said but like you could write me a letter and I was like well I'd give someone else's right arm if you wrote me one.
And he laughed and started writing me letters like I'm doing it right now.
So he said ask your question and I asked my question and he had a discussion and it was really cool. You know it was almost pretty much what I expected him to say but I like having it out there.
And then he gave me a piece of paper that says thank you for being cool.
And he spelled my name right even though I told him it was like the bionic woman. Nice.
And I'll find the picture and link it to everybody.
Black Wolf in our chat room says so if I sing Van Halen to Jamie taking notes.
It's honestly not one of my favorite Van Halen songs but you know, anyhow, the podcast is not posted yet, but it is the smartest man in the world podcast it's on iTunes and all that, and you're just going to want to look for the episode that was taped
on the Sacramento punch line, which I think should be posted probably this Friday or next Friday he's a couple weeks behind production versus what's posted.
So we'll let you know well he was very much like Bobby.
Good job. Good thing I found on my Tumblr, it's gotten better though.
My Tumblr for people who don't know is kurotsubasa.tumblr.com. That's my main one is kurotsubasa. I'm not gonna spell the whole thing.
But if you look on my 1313 post pictures of...
Why don't you just ask Rama to retumble it on the... Can't you hit that button and it retumbles it?
I guess he could do it.
How can you do that on the Orange Lawns Radio account?
Yeah, well, the pictures are there, it's really cool, and also someone randomly friended me on Tumblr because she was there too.
Awesome. The internet, making the world a smaller place.
And then we found out that there's yet another friend of mine that you know from Rocky.
Yes. It's a small Sacramento after all.
Alright, anyhow. Let's get back to video games. So we wanted to plug Greg Proofs because he's the world's oldest hipster as I heard somebody say.
Actually you heard that from me because it was from a discussion that Becky and I had at work.
Amazing. Alright, let's get back to video games and talk about the games that we have been playing this week in a segment we call How Was Your Gaming Week? Dark Sakura, yet again, why don't you start us off?
I played some shit.
Did you play Mass Effect?
Yeah, and I started another game on two while I'm still playing three, so whatever.
Did you play something besides Mass Effect?
Yes!
Oh my god!
Jeez, Rob.
Hold my heart.
My ears are still ringing from that exclamation.
Call the paramedics!
Anyway, I downloaded a cute little RPG called To The Moon, and it's actually really a sweet story so far, but you go into the past through this guy's memories to give him the drive in his memories that would send him to the moon, because that was his wish.
You basically grant dying people a wish inside their mind. And it's not that you're changing their thoughts or anything, but you're giving them a drive towards a singular goal in their life.
And so their memories will be altered as a result of it right before they die.
And it's really cool so far. It doesn't have any combat except when you start fighting a squirrel when you're roleplaying. It was cute.
And they're like, why are you attacking the squirrel?
Well, we were roleplaying. Stop being mean to the squirrel!
And the squirrel runs off.
So anyway, I played that. I started on Limbo, which that game pisses me off already.
It's very pretty, but difficult.
And I started on Assassin's Creed 2, but I'm not really getting into it so much.
I spent a lot of money on it, so I don't care.
And I played WoW. I actually did play some WoW. Nothing happened. It was boring.
I played something else, and I can't remember what it was. And it wasn't very Solitaire.
You already talked about To the Moon.
Yeah. Limbo.
Did you play that Giana Sisters game?
No, I haven't played it. Not this week.
There was another game that I started.
Is there any Walking Dead? I thought you said you were talking about that.
No, I bought it, but I didn't start it yet.
But the entire thing went on a Steam sale the last day of the sale.
So it was like six bucks, something like that.
Those Steam sales are pretty evil.
In fact, I sat down before the show started, and I was like, Loki, tell me why I should not buy Dark Souls right now for 20 bucks.
The Prepare to Die Dark Souls edition is 20 bucks right now.
And he's like, just get it on PlayStation 3. You can probably get it cheaper.
Sure enough, I look up on Amazon. It's a whole dollar cheaper on Amazon right now.
Yes.
Or I could just rent it.
Yeah, but then...
I could have it right this second through Steam.
How much would your shipping be on Amazon?
Free, because I have Prime.
Which, well, it's free in quotes. Technically, I paid for that, but I've already paid for it.
So whatever.
I can't remember, so whatever.
You got an awe from DDR Dollar Bill, because he's really into Assassin's Creed 2.
I have Assassin's Creed 3.
I realize a lot of you guys are very disappointed in it, but I saw one of Alan's relatives playing it on Christmas when we were over there.
And the multiplayer looked really interesting to me.
It's kind of like you try to blend into this crowd that's walking around.
You're trying to stealthy kill people, but it's like kill or be killed, so you try to blend into the crowd so you don't get noticed.
It's very cat and mouse, is what I heard it called.
The only reason I wanted to play Assassin's Creed 2 is because it's set in Renaissance Italy.
Which I still find it completely hilarious that the Renaissance started in Italy, but it has a French name, but anyway.
Because I studied a lot of the architecture, and I want to kill some Dometicis.
I really want to just punch some Dometicis in the face and stab them in the head.
Damn those Dometicis. Too many popes.
Too many Dometicis. Too many popes.
Well, a very good Gaming Week segment. It was that moment.
I played stuff.
That moment when Dark Sakura told me she played something other than Mass Effect.
And I was all like...
Ah ha ha ha ha. You lost your zing.
You just need to have that as a sound clip.
Instead of this weird bitch talking to this disgusting looking heart.
Actually, now I'm more interested in the commercial than I was my original joke.
He's making out with her laptop.
That's scary. Anyhow.
Rewind, take two.
That moment when Dark Sakura told me she played something other than Mass Effect this week, and I was all...
What?
Snake!
Loki, how was your Gaming Week?
It was okay. I didn't play a whole ton of stuff.
It was mainly just...
I don't know. Just kind of going through a few different games.
I think I played... Well, I definitely played some Final Fantasy XI.
Once again though, kind of going back to what I said last week is that it's definitely a lot more sparsely populated now.
So...
Like, I haven't really tried looking for a party, but there's no parties to be found.
I mean, I went to the...
I've been having to solo myself the entire way as a white mage, because I decided to pick a white mage to level first.
Because I figured out, hey, I'll get in the parties, and it'll be a good sub for a black mage.
And the problem is, I have to solo everything, and so I'm actually up to level 22?
But I'm like soloing myself in the dunes.
Soloing in the dunes. Never thought I'd be doing that.
And it's just very slow.
Maybe you just need to roll on another server.
Maybe the server you're on is just not good.
Like, I can't remember what server we rolled on, though.
It was... Don't laugh.
The fairy server is gone, but it got merged with another server.
I want to say it was Garuda. Don't quote me on that. Maybe one of the chatters know.
But we rolled there, just to laugh and say we were on the former fairy server.
But I don't remember what server it was.
Is Shane listening?
Shane, where did we roll on Final Fantasy XI?
I need to know. This is very important stuff.
I don't even know if it's gonna help, honestly.
It's been very sparse.
It is kind of funny, though.
The item I got for buying the collector's edition or whatever is fucking awesome.
Oh, the hat?
The hat. It's fantastic.
You get that sprint thing, which I'm not sure if that was just a Mog.
They have these weird things now. It's like Mog enhancements or something,
where you get treasure chests and crap now, which is a little weird.
And they have this thing where if I rested for a while,
I got this sprint ability where I basically run faster until I get attacked.
So that was kind of neat.
And then also, it has auto-rerace.
So literally, you could just die, raise yourself back up again.
You don't lose any experience, die again.
And I was doing that for a while because I got attacked by a ghost.
And I was like, oh, I could take care of this thing.
And it didn't really work out that well.
But yeah, so I've been playing that.
And I don't know if I will continue playing it after my free trial,
because once again, it's just very lonely on that server.
And I just don't know, because I took for granted a lot of the stuff
that I had done before when I first played it,
like getting your airship pass, getting your sub-jobs,
getting your advanced jobs.
It's just, that's a lot of time when you're not in a party.
Thanks to the wiki at finalfantasy11sclopedia.org, ffxiclopedia.org,
the Faerie server was merged into the Silph server.
That's the server we played on, Silph.
Oh yeah, that makes sense. Okay.
So yeah, I've been just playing that a little bit.
I'll probably, I don't know, I think I'm just holding on to it now
because I'm hoping that it'll go free to play
and there'll be a lot more people, hopefully.
So I'll just hold on to it for now.
And whatever, you know what, so even if I get only a month out of it,
10 bucks for Final Fantasy XI again, for a month is, that's nothing.
Just to have a flirt. Sometimes it's fun to flirt with an MMO you once loved.
Yeah, I mean, it's still fun.
Hooking up once again.
I wish WoW was worth it.
Remembering the good times.
So other stuff I played, I didn't really play a whole ton of Skyrim,
but I just kind of ran it to see if it'd run on my PC
because, you know, I hadn't actually run it yet,
even though I bought it last sale, the summer sale.
And yeah, it runs.
So now I'm downloading a ton of mods for it
thanks to the Steam Workshop.
And I also purchased the first expansion for it.
I didn't purchase that Hearthfire one yet,
but maybe I should. I don't know.
It's down to like $249, so maybe.
We'll see.
And then what else did I...
Oh, I got Sinamori today, but I didn't play that yet.
And then what else?
Borderlands 2, still playing some of that. Still lots of fun.
I'm glad they kind of got back into that.
And a little bit of Modern Warfare 3, still rocking that.
And yeah, I think that's pretty much it right now
because, I don't know.
I'm trying to go through and play some of these Steam games now
that I've gotten, because I've gotten a lot of stuff from sales
and the Humble Bundles and stuff, and I'm trying to go through and see,
okay, which ones do I want to install? Which ones am I going to play?
I'm really psyched about getting, eventually, like a Steam,
like a PC for my TV, basically, that's really high-end
that'll have my Steam games on there and play big picture mode and stuff like that.
That's kind of what I'm gearing towards.
Kind of think of it as like the bomb shelter for the future gaming generation
that all falls apart.
I have a fallout shelter to go to to play some older games that are still good.
My Gaming Week.
I'm going to dedicate my gaming week to the fact that Dark Soccer is evil.
What?
My gaming week, you're evil.
All right, no, this is what it's really about.
Last week, you know the classic game of the week that you do every week, right?
Yes.
Last week you talked about Gyruss, and I mentioned,
because somebody joked in chat, like, oh, they should make an HD version of that.
And I'm like, they did, dude, like four years ago.
And it's on Xbox Live Arcade.
So this week I went and played Gyruss on Xbox Live Arcade.
And then that got me on this kick of like,
look at all these old-ass games I bought like four years ago.
I own over 100 arcade games on Xbox Live.
So I just started playing a lot of random shit.
I started playing like Pac-Man and just old stuff,
trying to see if I could get any new achievements.
And I'll tell you what, I did get a new achievement this week
on an old game I purchased many years ago, Geometry Wars 2,
which, by the way, is still an awesome frickin' game.
Like, if you are a more recent Xbox buyer,
go look on the Xbox Live Arcade and go get Geometry Wars 2,
which was like seriously one of the best twin-stick shooters I think they ever put out.
The original Geometry Wars is great too,
but Geometry Wars 2 has all those different modes.
But I'm trying to get this one achievement, Treaty,
like still to this day, driving me bonkers.
In King mode, which is where you can only fire bullets from safe zones,
you have to cross through 30 safe zones without firing a single bullet.
I can't tell you how many times I got to 29.
And I'm about ready to throw that controller at my TV.
But I haven't got it yet.
TigerClanChat asking, what achievement did you get?
I got the one that's called Rebound,
where you fire all the shots off the little bars
that usually you fly your ship through and break,
but you can also fire bullets off of it, reflect it,
and you kill like 75 enemies by doing that and you get an achievement.
That's the one I got.
And AlphaCananagram agrees, Geometry Wars 2 is amazing.
Yes it is. Very much is.
So, thank you DarkSakura for the amazing week in Retronis.
I even played Game Room a little bit last week.
I was playing like Atari 2600 stuff too. Crazy, right?
Let's see. In newer fangled games,
I've been playing a lot of World of Warcraft this week
because there's been a lot going on.
I'll get into that more on Horde House this week.
But I did hit my second max level character.
I now have a level 90 priest, was my first one,
and now I have a level 90 monk, is my second one.
The new class, which is great.
So, yay!
Otherwise, not a whole lot else.
Forza Horizon, some other stuff,
but nothing else to really talk in depth about.
Maybe next week.
Going to RawsteelUT.
Yeah, too bad Bazaar got fried by Blur.
Was it Blur or was it the 007 game they made?
It was probably both, unfortunately.
It really sucks that they got the plug pulled on them
because Blur was not as bad as everybody made it out to be.
The 007 game is Activision's own damn fault.
They put a 007 game out before Modern Warfare 3.
I think it was Modern Warfare 3.
No, Modern Warfare 3 was Goldeneye 007.
So, it was Black Ops before Black Ops.
Come on, you really think that they know better
that it's going to just eat?
No one gives a shit about that
when Black Ops is coming up next week.
Let's see, Black Wolf in chat says,
in new games I played World of Warcraft.
Okay, World of Warcraft Mists of Pandaria.
Excuse me.
Black Wolf also says, fuck Game Room.
Well, not so much fuck Game Room,
but fuck Microsoft for closing Chrome Studios and ending Game Room.
And fuck Game Room for not being as good as it should have been.
And fuck the fact that we could have had this awesome retro...
I'm not going to...
And fuck the fucking fuckers.
Yeah, what she said.
All right, let's talk a little bit of housekeeping
and then we can get into the news tonight.
And housekeeping, of course, join us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And you can also join us on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio.
I also want to give a nice plug to this other show,
as I tend to do when other shows are kind enough to invite me on their show.
This show is called the Down for Maintenance podcast.
Excuse me.
It's a newer show.
You'll have to excuse me.
I don't remember if they have a full website.
I know they are available on iTunes, so you just search for Down for Maintenance.
And you can find the episode from January 5th that has me on it.
And they were very kind, very nice, asked me a lot of questions.
And I got to talk not just about video games,
but they asked me a lot about how I got into podcasting.
So, if you want to hear the full, long, very long, very long story,
check out Down for Maintenance podcast this week.
Also, we talked about Disneyland quite extensively.
So, I like the fact that we just rambled on all these awesome topics.
So, a good bunch there at Down for Maintenance podcast.
And their Twittersies is the DFM podcast.
So, you can follow them on the Twitters.
And they give them a shout-out on my personal Twitter feed as well.
Check that out.
Did Tiger Claw find their website?
Yes, that's the name of it. Down for Maintenance podcast.
Sorry, I can only see part of that in the window behind me.
It's on iTunes.
And when I say it's on iTunes, that means whatever podcasty program you're using,
it's probably on there too.
So, those things all spider out on the internet and find them all.
Big thanks to them.
If you have a podcast and you would like to have one of us on the show,
we love going on other podcasts.
We love being guests and so forth.
So, if you are interested, we like to think we're pretty accessible
on Twitters and Facebook and all that.
But if for whatever reason you're like,
I don't know how to get a hold of you guys,
mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com if you want one of us to come on your show.
And we will redirect your mail to the appropriate person
and we can work out schedules.
But I don't know about you guys, but I love to go on other podcasts
and just talk about.
I totally love it too. All those invites I get.
Okay, Loki. Loki's begging for invites, you guys.
There you go. All right.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Loki, wow the internet with your knowledge
of what's going on in gaming right now.
Oh, please. I don't care, really.
Anyways, so, Microsoft has acquired R2 Studios.
R2 Studios happens to be the people behind such devices
that you would kind of see perfect for, like, smart glass.
Basically, it's sort of like home automation
and, you know, integrated into different devices
like tablets and phones and that kind of stuff.
So, the thought is that, hmm,
perhaps this is going to be rolled into some new things
that they're going to incorporate into, say, the next Xbox system.
Or perhaps some of the stuff that we've seen
in some of their kind of, I don't know if you'd really call them tech demos,
but like the view of the future, I guess,
where they have the PCs integrated into walls
that are being projected upon and stuff like that,
which I think that's actually pretty awesome.
I'd really like to see that kind of technology,
but I don't know how expensive that would be.
But they had something similar with that
where it's like kind of everything integrated into an interface
that looks good on your wall, I guess,
and it's a full wall interface type thing.
So, this seems to kind of give credit to that whole,
you know, we've heard the rumors before about the new Microsoft
is going to project shit all over your room.
Like, we've heard that before, right?
Does this kind of lend itself to that?
Well, I don't know if it's going to be the next system that's going to do that,
but they're definitely looking at technology
to do something similar to that.
And they've got, you know, something that has, you know,
where it projects stuff onto the walls.
I would imagine like some sort of ceiling mounted projector or something.
That would still be really awesome, even just for like a PC or something.
But I don't know how that would work.
I haven't gotten to actually see it other than in the videos,
so I'm not really sure how they would implement that kind of stuff.
But, yeah.
So, I mean, obviously, if these guys are, you know,
experts at like kind of home automation and entertainment,
then I would think that this kind of ties into all the rumors
that we've heard about, you know, the kind of direction they want to go with,
you know, the Xbox being this kind of center hub for entertainment
and, you know, integrating it more into your life, if possible, I guess.
Well, that's what these consoles want to be.
They don't just want to be a gaming center.
It wants to, well, it wants to be an entertainment center, I guess.
We've already, I mean, that really shouldn't be a surprise at all.
I mean, look at the systems you've got now.
When the Xbox 360 first came out, it really didn't do a lot of that.
I mean, a little bit, like, you know,
you used to be able to get like the trailers for movies.
You could download those types of things.
But now, like, it's really transformed into, you know,
it does Netflix, it does streaming, it does all this other stuff.
And now it's just going to go a step further.
You know, we see what TV does on the Nintendo Wii U.
That's just, you know, a hint that that's just Nintendo's little,
we're on our own little universe, you know, and their way of doing it.
Their own Miiverse?
Yes.
Well, they did have like, you know, that's, I mean, granted,
it's a lot more complex now, but they used to have, well,
they still have it.
It's just the Media Center integration was one of the first things
that they kind of put out there.
But, I mean, that's all they really had at the time was,
okay, you have the Windows XP Media Center edition or whatever,
which I had on my laptop.
My last laptop actually had that, which is kind of funny.
And occasionally I'd hit the button to go into it and,
oh, hey, that's right, this is on here.
But, yeah, that worked all right.
And so that's kind of like, you know,
they took it to the next level and then kept going.
I just, I want to see the further evolution of this.
I want to see what the next Xbox and the next PlayStation,
I want to see what they do that my PC can't.
Yeah, I want to see something new.
See, that's the thing is they need something brand new,
like, oh, it projects crap onto your wall.
That's something that you can't get with what it is, you know,
the technology that's out there right now.
I mean, projectors.
I just can't imagine that in my head.
I live in a planetarium and it projects images on the wall.
But maybe I'm not thinking about it right, you know?
Maybe in my mind I think, like, oh,
that means the image of the game is going to be all around.
But maybe it's not really like that, you know?
I don't even know if that would work feasibly.
Because, I mean, if you look at it, I mean,
not everyone's going to have walls that that would show up on.
And they may not be playing in a room that's necessarily going to work.
Well, but couldn't they, through the infrared technology,
be able to gauge the size of your room really quickly and adjust accordingly?
Maybe. I don't know.
It would just be interesting to see how they would do something like that
or how they would try to figure out other ways to immerse you.
That's really what it is, is they're trying to find more ways to immerse you
into whatever it is that you're doing.
As we say here on OLR quite frequently,
one step closer to the holodeck.
Everything that happens in gaming takes us one step closer to the holodeck.
Think about the progress we've made since the Atari 2600 and the Odyssey
and all those first generation gaming consoles.
Hell, with the Atari 2600, the holodeck didn't even really exist.
And then the next generation came out and everyone was like,
oh, hey, holodeck, that's cool.
So, yeah, we've made a lot of progress.
All right, well, one thing that won't be making any more progress
is sales of James Bond games on Steam.
Folks noticed over this past week that games from the James Bond franchise
were taken down from Steam.
And the early rumors had people going, oh, Activision is up to something.
Activision is pulling their games from Steam.
Activision is going to start their own origin.
No, no, it's just the licenses.
The licensing that Activision held for these 007 games,
they ran out on the New Year, so that's why they were pulled down.
So they originally got the license to do James Bond games in May 2006.
So the license was supposed to last until 2014,
but for whatever reason it ended, I guess, a little sooner,
or maybe it had something to do with the digital distribution and so forth.
Some of the games that were affected would have been, what, 007 Legends,
which was the most recent game, Bloodstone, and so forth.
Let's be real, none of these games were particularly memorable anyway,
so it's not like they're going to be missed.
Sorry, not sorry, it's just the truth.
There you go, they are no longer there.
007 GoldenEye Reloaded was another one that Activision did.
Remember when they tried to make Lightning Strike twice with GoldenEye
and it just didn't work out?
It wasn't bad either.
I remember playing it at E3 and I was like, yep, it's GoldenEye,
it's just a little different.
I don't remember him being in here. Where's Pierce Brosnan?
What's going on here?
So there you go, you can no longer get the James Bond games on Steam,
and I don't think that means anything bigger than
whenever that next James Bond movie comes out,
and there will be another James Bond movie for sure.
That franchise might have been in question before, but after Skyfall.
Isn't Skyfall now one of the largest grocery motion pictures ever?
It's like in the top 20?
Haven't seen it yet.
It is good.
I think I saw...
I hated the ending. I hated the ending.
I saw Casino Royale, I think.
Casino Royale was good.
Most of that... Was there one between that and Skyfall?
There was, Quantum of Solace.
I haven't seen that yet.
Alan summed it up perfectly.
He said that Skyfall was the sequel that Quantum of Solace should have been,
and I'd cosign that, because Casino Royale was supposed to be a reboot of sorts,
and Skyfall brings in elements of the Bond franchise
that we haven't seen since the Sean Connery days.
I won't spoil it for anybody, but just there's a lot of throwbacks
and little winks and nods.
One thing I could say that's not a spoiler,
there's a very subtle reference, very subtle reference to
shaken but not stirred when he orders his drink.
There's all these really...
And then there's some in-your-face references, too, and it's great.
And the Bond girl? Hot.
Actually, there's more than one Bond girl. They're all hot.
But the one in particular I'm thinking of that he meets in Macau or wherever,
like Hong Kong or wherever he's at?
Smokin' hot.
Hot.
Hot Bond girl. Just sayin'.
Way hotter than Denise Richards could ever dream of being. Sorry.
Better than Grace Jones.
Grace Jones just fuckin'...
Grace Jones will just demand your attention.
I love A View to a Kill. It's not a great movie,
but I love Grace Jones.
That woman is awesome.
It's one of those things that a lot of people don't really know about me,
but I really do like James Bond.
James Bond movies are just awesome.
I miss how cheesy they used to be.
The new ones are fine, though. The new ones are great in their own way.
And they don't really interest me, to be honest.
Yeah.
Because, I mean, I like a little more...
A little less action, a little more suspense.
If you want a cheesy Bond, you need to go see Live and Let Die.
That one's great.
I've seen Live and Let Die. It's the one that had Paul McCartney doing the opening.
Yeah, I've seen Live and Let Die.
That one's hilarious, the way the evil villain dies at the end.
So when are we going to get a sequel to If Looks Could Kill?
That was awesome.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, glue.
All right, anyhow, after Bond, more gaming news.
Dark Sakura, our very own Bond girl, here on the show.
As if.
Sorry, I'm not about to run up on the beach in a white bikini with a knife.
She'll just run with a knife.
I'll just run with a knife.
I'll have, like, a really damp muumuu.
Anyway, there is a theory speculated that people can use the Wii U console to have extra games for free.
Basically what they're saying is that multiple players can make a separate user account on the Wii U
and buy games to the Nintendo eShop. They're linked just to the console.
And everyone who is on that console will be able to play them.
So the theory goes that you should be able to get an old one, a used Wii U,
and use all the games that have been downloaded on it for the users that are on there.
So that could be, I mean, it'd be kind of a hit and miss.
Oh, I'm going to get this used Wii U because all these games are going to be on it.
No, we didn't buy a damn thing.
You know, but there's a possibility.
Well, it's one way to make your Wii U look more attractive on eBay.
True. I have all these games. Buy it.
Whatever. Added bonus. Cool.
I didn't even think about that, but I just, when I heard about this, I was like,
Nintendo somehow did not anticipate the used market.
What's going to happen, can you, like, migrate your account from, like, one Wii U to,
like, say, for example, if, like, a bunch of people migrated their account to one Wii U,
and then, like, somehow, could you get, like, games from multiple accounts onto one system?
I don't know if you couldn't do it without Nintendo's involvement.
Like, that's how you did it on the original Wii.
If you had to, like, change, you know, the content and all that.
Like, I think it's something Nintendo had to do after a Nintendo repair.
I don't think it's something the user could easily do.
Unlike the 3DS, which is a little, but in the 3DS world, there's that very real possibility.
You have people that own the regular 3DSs that want to buy the 3DS XL.
They have to have something to transfer.
Just like they have to have something to transfer Wii to Wii U.
But what's the reality that somebody's going to buy a second Wii U?
At this point, not bloody likely.
So, I don't know.
I don't even have a first one.
But I didn't even think about that. You're right.
When I sell my console on eBay, now I can say, loaded with all these great games.
But you've got to wonder if it's not something Nintendo is going to patch out.
Maybe they didn't have it in place this early because they didn't think people would be selling their Wii U's this fast.
And by the way, I wouldn't read too much into that fact that Wii U's are already on the second-hand market.
I saw a friend on Facebook say,
Wii U's are already on the second-hand market? That doesn't bode well for the system.
I bet a lot of the Wii U's you're seeing on the second-hand market right now are actually promotional copies.
I bet it's a lot of people who got them early who didn't really want them in the first place.
That's where they're coming from.
We broke into GameStop.
You would have a couple, a handful.
We stole a pallet or truckload of Wii U's systems and so we're selling ours off.
The Wii U's that were stolen out of the warehouse wouldn't have these games preloaded on it.
And I would think a second, especially a promo Wii, is very likely to have, you know, it's going to be loaded with games on it already.
I think the only other way Wii U's are on the second-hand market right now is people, you know, desperate times call for desperate measures.
They have to sell them out of, you know, I was in a good financial place in November, but I'm not so much now.
So I'm looking at, there's actually, um, there's actually some systems actually on eBay.
Well, I mean, not a whole ton, but I see one right here that's got less than 24 hours left and no bids on it at all.
You're getting tempted.
No, I'm not. I'm honestly not getting tempted at all to buy a Wii U.
I'm just curious to see, I wanted to see what they were, if the gray market had actually dropped out that badly.
But no, not yet. There's still, I mean, what do you expect?
I would expect to see a whole ton of U systems, what, a couple months after launch? Does that make any sense?
Do you think that now that this is all over the internet, do you think this is something Nintendo's going to patch out?
What do you think, based on kind of how you've observed the company's behavior in the past, what do you think is going to happen?
Do you think Nintendo's going to patch this out?
I don't know if they can. I mean, why would this be in here in the first place?
If it's still tied to the console, then I don't know, I don't know if they are going to or not.
Regardless, you really, again, buying a U system, you're not going to have a way of knowing who has bought stuff,
unless you're buying your friend's Wii U and you've been there when they've bought stuff.
Oh dude, I'll give you 150 for your Wii U. Here.
Really, Nintendo has no way of knowing that the console's been sold in the first place.
All they're seeing is someone else is creating an account and they want to keep it so that you have multiple accounts can use the same game.
It's kind of like how the PlayStation 3 is, you know, where you can play on multiple different sign-ins.
Technically, doesn't the 360 work that same way as well?
Not sort of. They sort of do. I mean, there's limitations to what you can do there.
We cheated the system a little bit. Like, here in the house, we have two Xboxes, right?
So, here's what we did. My system has the online pass tied to my Xbox account for Mass Effect 3, okay?
So, what we did is I signed in to Alan's Xbox and I also get to use the online pass because it's tied to my account.
Mass Effect 3 is two discs. Multiplayer is on both discs. So, I signed on to Alan's Xbox and it let me use my online pass.
He signed on to my Xbox and he was allowed to use my online pass because it's on that Xbox, even though he's on his account.
And we were both able to play Mass Effect 3 multiplayer without having to buy two online passes.
This elaborate fucking system to save ten whole dollars, it worked.
Good.
Well, yeah, good. I mean, Alan and I are, you know, together. We've been together three years.
We're in the same household. We happen to own two Xbox 360s.
I plunked 60 bucks on the game. Why shouldn't we be able to play like a versus mode?
It's a little silly that we had to go to such extreme measures.
They're gonna send the police after you now.
Oh, come and get me.
Come at me, bro.
That's right, come at me, bro.
Alright, so, let's talk about more ridiculous ways to stop you from having fun and that kind of stuff.
So, Sony has patented a new technology. They'll basically tie RFID tags to a game disc.
So, it'll actually be inside the disc.
And what that's supposed to do is that RFID tag will be read by the game system and will basically lock the disc to the system so that you can only play on that.
Basically, think of it like an online pass for a game, but without actually having to enter any codes in or something.
So, it's gonna say, okay, this disc has been played on this system, so we're gonna tie it to that.
And if you play it on another system, the thought is, okay, well, it's just gonna be...
You're either not gonna be able to do that or it's gonna have some sort of limited functionality like no multiplayer.
You have to buy an online pass or something like that.
And everybody's flipping their shit going, you know, what the fuck, this is the end of the world, you know.
How are we gonna stop this? Let me put it this way. It's like this.
If they do this, this is gonna get hacked. This is basically like giving people an excuse to hack this console.
You think that hacking on the PS3 took a long time? Well, this shit is gonna take no time because people are...
The way they see it is anti-consumerist and so they will just go at it full bore.
If this were to really happen, Sony could kiss its ass goodbye in the console wars.
Honestly, because all Xbox would have to do is come out and say, our system doesn't do that.
You know, you have the right to do whatever with your property.
And then it's like, Sony might be able to score more exclusives in a way, but I think the user base would absolutely reject that shit.
You know, I just don't see it working at all.
Well, here's the problem too is if they find a way around it, all it's gonna do is, once again, it's gonna punish the actual legitimate buyers of that.
Here's an unpopular thought. I don't see a lot of people going down this road.
Didn't we have rumors before that the new Xbox was gonna do something like this?
That it was gonna have a burner in it that would tie the disks to your user ID?
Didn't this exact same rumor go around about Microsoft?
I think so.
Here's another thought too, okay?
Just to finish my thought, please let me finish my thought. No, that's okay.
But yes, those rumors went around before, right?
Yes.
Could this be a defensive patent by Sony then?
Sony patented it so that Microsoft can't do it.
I mean, I know we're all quick to jump to conclusions that it might be the worst case scenario, but could it in fact be the best case scenario?
I know, I know. I'm going out on a limb.
I think the best case scenario, and this is just, I don't know if this is gonna happen, but let's just say that they have a way that you can,
it's basically to verify that the game disk hasn't been pirated, like you haven't, it's a legitimate copy.
Because, you know, you can burn copies of disks and stuff like that and play them in systems, mainly on 360 and Wii and stuff like that, but it can be done.
So let's just say that this is to authenticate that there is, that this is a legitimate disk.
Although, I would think it'd be pretty easy to snap an RFID tag on there somehow, but let's just say that this is why they're doing it.
And then it stores that ID code or whatever in your system, and it ties the game to your system.
However, later on, say you want to get rid of that disk, or if it's a rental or something like that, then you'd be able to revoke your privileges.
Although, that wouldn't really work if you do that, because then the average consumer's not gonna know to do that when they rent a game, and so that wouldn't work.
It'll get hacked.
Okay, I love doing live shows. This is why. I didn't even think of this thought, and I think this is hitting the nail on the head.
I think this is a great comment.
Live.vognetwork.com, our live chat room.
Dungeon Buster, gold star for you.
Here's the comment.
It might also be used in a non-gaming situation to lock down things like content disks containing code, demo materials, libraries, etc.
that will be passed on to developers or used in public spaces like convention floors.
Brilliant. I bet that is exactly what it is.
It's not necessarily something that's gonna be out there for everybody. It's gonna be on all the consoles.
But this is how they're gonna prevent leaks of games.
Because when they put out all the promotional materials and so forth, and all the promo disks, those are gonna be tied to the accounts of the people that are reviewing them.
That's probably what it's really about.
And think about it. Sony is also a motion picture studio, which means they send out screener Blu-rays for the Oscars and all that stuff.
They wanna lock that shit down too.
I think that's a brilliant thought what this could be.
This may not be for everybody. This could be for a promotional case only.
Because if something like this only affects people that are using promotional devices and so forth, you stop the day zero leaks this way,
and people aren't as apt to hack it because it's affecting people that don't really have these consoles that aren't the hackers in the first place.
Yeah, but here's the problem with that though. That wouldn't work.
If it's gonna be a standard Blu-ray with the RFID tag inside there, if you have a device that doesn't read the RFID tag, there's no way to lock it out.
It's just gonna read it as a disk.
It's not gonna go, oh hey, I'm not gonna play this because there's not an RFID code.
No, it's a Blu-ray disk. It's just gonna read it.
That would only work on a console or something where it has the technology in place to do that.
Who said the reader wouldn't be in there?
There's a difference between putting it in there and using it.
Maybe what it's looking for is that the general games would just have an open tag.
It's not gonna be tied because they know it would be the kiss of death.
No, no, no, I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about if you're looking at a scenario where you're trying to prevent piracy with these movie leaks or something like that,
your standard Blu-ray drive is not gonna read that RFID tag, so it's gonna mean nothing to it.
It's gonna pretend it's not even there, and so that's not gonna work unless they come out with a whole new disk format that's gonna do this.
Why not? And Sony could do that. Why not?
I mean, if you're talking about Oscar screeners and things that they want to put the clamp down on,
it would not be unheard of for Sony to send everybody a new Blu-ray player.
It doesn't matter. You incorporate it into a console, you incorporate it into a disk drive, it's gonna get hacked.
It's just gonna get hacked. It's gonna be a target, so why even bother?
SSJ100Matt in chat says,
Things are gonna get leaked anyways, because few safeguards end up working, the hackers will find a way.
True, I'm not saying this will necessarily prevent it from happening, but it's all about stopping those day zero leaks.
That is what they hate the most, because where are the most sales of games in the first week?
So the better they can plug or delay the inevitable leak or hack or whatever, the better they can delay that,
the more that game's gonna sell. That's the reality.
Just a thought. I thought that was a great thought from our chat room.
Live.vognetwork.com. And again, maybe in some ways I'm thinking best case scenario.
I think that would be a smart thing to do.
But let's look at it this way also. I don't think that's how they're gonna use it.
I think they're gonna lock down game content. I mean, they're the only first party that has online passes for their fucking games.
If they do it and Microsoft doesn't, why don't they just kiss their ass goodbye right now?
Because they're doing it now, and Microsoft doesn't do that, and they're fine.
Well, because Microsoft does it a different way by charging you a yearly fee for Xbox Live Gold.
They're doing it.
Well, they probably can't do it because it would be like, hey, what the fuck, I'm paying you, and now I have to pay you again.
They find other ways to do it. Forza Horizon last week we were talking about.
They find other ways to nickel and dime you.
Really, that $10 is not fucking financing a goddamn network.
It's just financing them bitching about, oh, we don't get enough money.
You really think that $10 goes to the developer or that $10 goes to running those servers?
It does not fucking go to them.
No, look at the game. The games have already been shut down that use those passes.
It doesn't go to shit. It just goes to line their pockets even more.
It's $10 more they made because you bought the game used.
All right, well, moving on to hacking and so forth.
Big progress made, according to the gaming blogs and the gaming news sites this week, on hacking Nintendo's 3DS handheld.
Hacker Nemod, I hope I didn't say that wrong, but that's the name.
Nemod says that he got full control of the 3DS via a kernel mode.
One of the benefits, now the 3DS could potentially be region-free through this hack.
So you could run a Japanese because, as you know, the 3DS is region-locked.
So you could run a game from any region on whatever region's handheld you wanted to.
So, you know, that's one perk.
And then, of course, eventually we're talking about homebrew.
However, this also would open the door to things like piracy.
So it's, you know, kind of a very delicate sort of situation.
But whatever way it is, progress has been made on the hack.
Nintendo, of course, I wouldn't expect them to sit down quietly for this.
I'm sure there would be a patch as soon as they can figure out how he did it that will patch it out.
But you could always not get said patch and possibly hack the system.
Well, the other thing, too, is you could lock out that update because you have a full control of the kernel.
So you just say, okay, you're not going to download.
And also, the updates don't download automatically.
You have to accept those updates.
And so, I don't know.
It'd be easy to hack that.
But some games won't run unless you're on the most current firmware, right?
Well, there's ways around that, too.
I'm just saying. They try to put as many gotchas in there as they can.
And everything can be patched.
Well, Jamie, I think you have kind of something along the same lines, right?
Well, the Mutant Mudds story, right?
Yeah, with that one, there was a comment made by the developer for Mutant Mudds and Dementium.
His name is... I'm hoping I'm pronouncing it right.
Is that Jules Watcham or Jules?
It's with a J.
Anyway, he had concerns about piracy on the 3DS, saying that if piracy gets bad, then...
I'm just paraphrasing.
They have no choice but to stop supporting the platform with new games.
And he goes on to say that some people say that piracy leads to more game sales,
claiming it enables players to try before they buy.
Bullshit.
And a lot of people looked at it as an attack on Nintendo.
So he went back in and said that he's always supported it.
That he loves Nintendo and the 3DS.
But all he's saying is that if piracy gets bad on the 3DS, they can't put out new games.
And it's not that he's taking a stand on piracy, but it's more of a business action to develop games
so that they can, I guess, save their money. It'd be a business decision.
Right.
But, I mean, honestly, I really don't think that it's gonna be that much of a factor in affecting the business.
The people who want it bad enough are still gonna buy it.
The people who want to steal it bad enough are still gonna steal it.
They're gonna find a way, yeah.
And honestly, there's been a couple of times where I've sampled something and have gone out and bought it.
I think it's how a lot of people are. I've done that with music a bunch of times.
I'll hear somebody on YouTube and I'll go buy the album.
Yeah, I do that with music a lot, too.
To the industry's credit, though, they've made it very easy.
I think they kind of figured out a way to combat it with things like Spotify.
Spotify makes it very easy to sample things very hassle-free and make a legal decision from there if you want or what have you.
Or you can still do it illegally if you want.
But I think the music industry is finally figuring out ways to embrace the fact that there are people that want to try it for nothing
and then maybe we'll pay if it's good enough.
Well, one thing that he did say, and this is something we've been saying for ages,
is that he doesn't think there's a solution to piracy, that it will always exist.
This is what he said, I accept that piracy will exist on the 3DS.
The question is how much is it affecting the market.
Some markets maintain a healthy business environment alongside piracy.
I believe this is due to many factors, not the least of which is the service provided in that market.
I get what he's saying.
He's basically saying, if it's just going to be open season and everybody's stealing shit back and forth on a 3DS,
what's the value in me putting my game out on it?
Which is what the PlayStation 4 might turn into if this ends up being worst case scenario, what we talked about earlier.
Well, he did say that there's going to be a sequel to Mutant Mudds and it will be an eShop release.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Mutant Mudds might not be out.
Well, there was something else that was occurring to me.
Oh, sure.
I mean, maybe that is why there's a lot more people leaning towards digital distribution
and having a key attached to it so that they can verify IP where it's downloaded.
I mean, I understand why they're doing it.
It just seems with the physical copy, there's a lot more potential to crack what's there.
All right.
Mutant Mudds might not be a new game this week, so let's travel around the world and see what is new this week
as we check out the release dates, which might be thin.
Yeah, still thin. Not much this week.
Thankfully, Anarchy Reigns finally making its way out over here in North America on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
And then The Sims 3 gets yet another expansion with The Sims 3 Monte Vista.
Yeah, so that's it.
Yeah, traveling to Japan again looks like things are kind of on a hiatus right now until a little later in the month.
There's really not a lot to look for in Japan right now.
Just looking at the different consoles just to make sure.
But I don't see anything on the Xbox 360 or the PlayStation 3, 3DS, none of that.
Looks like we're on break till mid-January, so play what you've got.
Dark Sakura, how about UK?
Hey, there's Steam, you know.
On the 11th of January, we have...
Do they have Steam in Japan?
I think so.
I wouldn't see why not, but everything would have to be licensed for that reason.
Yeah.
On January 11th, Anarchy Reigns and Ninja Gaiden 3.
Alrighty.
That's it.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys before we get to the classic game of the week.
So, THQ had arranged, I want to say it was last week, maybe even earlier this week,
arranged a sale that tied in with their bankruptcy protection that they did to sell off their assets to,
I want to say it was Clear Lake Capital Group.
And basically the plan, the way they put it out was that they were going to do this quick sale
and this Clear Lake Capital Group was going to take ownership of all that stuff
and I guess that they were still going to be able to complete their games
and all their IPs would kind of remain their own and it would kind of wipe out the debt that they had.
However, the people that they owe money to weren't exactly happy about the fact that, hey,
their debt's going to be wiped out and they're not going to get paid for the stuff that they owed money for
and that they're kind of trying to do this really quick sale without getting any further bids on the company.
So, what they're basically doing now is they actually have some different people interested in these IPs.
So, including Warner Games is actually looking to possibly buy some of their IPs.
And they were saying that, I guess the whole objection came from the, I want to say some of their people that were owed money, the creditors.
And they were saying, rather than being designed to maximize the value of the debtor's estates,
the bidding procedures by design or otherwise render the auction process meaningless
and virtually guarantee that Clear Lake will be the ultimate buyer, thereby ensuring that the debtor's management retain their positions within
and the operating control over the debtor's organization.
So, it sounds like the whole thing was rigged, but now it's kind of, they're throwing a monkey wrench into it now that they've kind of objected to the quick sale.
So, what do you think this ultimately means, Loki? Does this mean THQ is going to be nothing but Saints Row and Darksiders getting sold to somebody else?
Or what does this mean for the future, you think?
I don't know. I mean, we'll have to see who bids on what or what happens.
It's kind of ballsy to think that they were able, they were going to organize this whole thing to just kind of,
I mean, obviously they want to put themselves in a better position, but it's very risky to just kind of put yourselves out there for sale
and then rely on one company to buy you without expecting anyone else to not kind of come in,
or trying to shorten that window so small that only one person could come in.
It's kind of like you've arranged the buyer.
Okay, I'll tell you what. We're going to get this Clear Lake Capital Group to come in.
We told them that we're going to do this, and we're going to have the window open for five minutes for anybody else that wants to walk in and possibly plays a bid.
Go. Oh, no one's here. Oh, I guess I just wanted to tell you guys, you know, it's just very, I don't know.
Shady?
Yes.
All right, fair enough. Before I get into another news story here, just to go back to another topic before our chatters talking about Steam in Japan.
ActDeaf says, Rob, there is Steam in Japan. And I was like, okay, does that mean there's different games?
Rob, I imagine there's some differences. Since Activision isn't in Japan, they probably have to wait for Square Enix to put out Call of Duty, for example.
So we don't know all the specifics, but there is Steam in Japan, which makes sense.
ActDeaf, I know he's in Mexico, so he gets his Steam games through, you know, I'm pretty sure it's the same Steam that we're using here in the US,
but it does demonstrate that Steam is available in other countries, so I don't see why there wouldn't be a Steam in Japan.
Makes a lot of sense to me. All right, well, something that's going to be right here in the US, maybe.
A new project from Namco, which sounds awesome to me, experimenting with a project called Level 256.
Level 256, by the way, is the very last stage in Pac-Man before you get the kiss of death, which is appropriate because this is a Namco project,
talking about high-end food and entertainment all in one place. They're talking about a prototype maybe in Chicago that could possibly become this chain
that would have pool, shuffleboard, video games, and other types of immersive attractions.
A quote from the CEO of Namco Entertainment, David Bishop,
quote, it's no secret that we've been exploring a number of new business models and noodling, I love that, noodling the future of out-of-home entertainment
for several years now, and our current planning does include an upscale restaurant with entertainment elements.
So it's basically going to be Dave and Buster's in many ways. Who knows, who knows, it could be more upscale, who knows.
Sounds good to me. You know, Namco still pumps out machines that show up in the arcades, all types of machines.
Namco does Flame and Finger. That's one of my favorite Dave and Buster's games. I am the master at Flame and Finger. I hit the jackpot.
I don't know, I'd be more excited if it was Tecmo doing an upscale entertainment business.
Of course, that would just be a strip club.
No, no, that's a lowbrow entertainment business that you're talking about over there, nasty.
Hey, well, they still have Soul Calibur, so there's still a chance.
Little competition would be healthy. I can't think of a lot of places like Dave and Buster's. Maybe Jillian's? They don't really have those out here.
But I know Jillian's is a chain.
1980's Chuck and Cheese.
I think they sold. I think Jillian's might have sold to Dave and Buster's, so yeah, I guess that doesn't exist.
There's John's Incredible Pizza.
Oh yeah, John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza. But that's more for kids.
They have a roller coaster, so they count.
I like pizza, I like arcade games.
They should just open up a place that has pizza and arcade games. Why do we have to complicate it?
Hey, Codeman, I used to work for Namco. In an arcade.
WhatupG in chat says Nintendo is also doing work on Smash. An arcade version of Smash? Yes, please.
Namco also did the whole F-Zero AX. Remember that was the Triforce between them, Sega and Nintendo? Awesome arcade machine.
What about the Mario Kart arcade that had Pac-Man?
That was Namco too, yeah.
Rama does confirm in chat Jillian's was sold to Dave and Buster's and converted. That's what I thought.
Alright, let's see. Let's talk about the classics. Let's talk about when all there was was Chuck E. Cheese and Showbiz Pizza.
Which were technically the same company.
Which were technically the same thing.
Hey, there was Bullwinkles, okay? There was alternatives.
We're out in Alabama.
Let's go back to when animatronic animals were all the rage. It's a segment we call the classic game of the week.
Where Dark Soccer is going to jump into the gaming vault and hopefully. It's so sticky.
She will find a game that she thinks, hey, play this now. Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
Classic game is Ninja Warriors. And I'm not talking about the arcade version from 1988.
I'm talking about the SNES one. Which in Japan was called the Ninja Warriors again.
And in Europe it was Ninja Warriors The New Generation.
It's a beat-em-up that was developed by Natsume before they went all Harvest Moon on us.
And when they used to release games that kicked ass.
And it was released by Taito. It came out for the SNES in 1994.
And it is indeed a remake of the 1988 arcade game The Ninja Warriors.
It's set in the future. The population has been oppressed by the military and brainwashed.
So these androids are going out to save everybody.
So it is a side-scrolling beat-em-up. It's very similar to Shinobi or Bad Dudes.
But it's in widescreen format. You can be the strong ninja.
You can be the kanoichi. You can be kamaitachi. Those are the three characters.
Each of them has their own set of moves, different attacks, jumping attacks, throws, different defense positions, and power moves.
So the game is actually really good. But the only bad drawback to it is that it's only single player. You don't have a co-op mode.
I would love this game if there was a co-op mode in it. But I always used the kanoichi when I played it.
It was a fun little game. I remember the issue of EGM that they advertised this in.
And I was like, I must have this game.
What did Sushi X have to say about this game?
It got a 90% in GamePro. I'll tell you that.
82% by EGM, with it saying this is the best side-scrolling fighting game yet.
That's because Final Fight Guy hadn't come out yet.
Actually, I think it's cooked. Did it come out after Final Fight Guy?
I don't know. I'm just making shit up.
But anyway, the kanoichi in the game was rated as one of the top ten fighting women in video games makes me three.
So I don't have really a whole lot to say about it. I mean, it is side-scrolling fighter.
But it's a fun game. And you can probably find this pretty inexpensively at your local used store.
So get it. Remember when Natsume made awesome games?
Not a fan of Tulips?
Tulips was funny, but that's silly.
Alright, your classic game of the week. Ninja Warriors on the Super Nintendo.
This is a rare case of Dark Sakura endorsing the remake.
You know what? I played a crap ton of this game.
Because yes, we had remakes on the Super Nintendo, and a lot of them were awesome.
For example, Super Mario All-Stars. Awesome.
Where we actually could play the real Super Mario Brothers 2.
Amen.
This game had explosions and shit going on.
And I think her hair was a weapon. The kanoichi.
And she just threw a whole tank of cocaine.
Well, she's also an android.
I want my hair to be a weapon.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
My hair practically is a weapon if I let it grow.
Alright, we're going to take a break here at OLR Studios.
But we'll be back with more gaming news.
We've got some rapid-fire news coming up.
The FUGL question of the week should be a fun one this week.
And as announced in the opening of tonight's show.
Could playing MMOs make you more attractive to job seekers?
We'll see.
Port please. Port pront please.
Yes, on my resume.
I gave over 1500 ports to prontera in the 2011 fiscal year.
Alright, we'll be back after this with more of Orange Launch Radio.
Don't go anywhere guys. Stay tuned.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with our 488th episode on this January the 6th of 2013.
Live at the Voice of Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com as we are every Sunday night.
Live during the break tonight.
They heard some music from Street Fighter X Mega Man.
We can't play that stuff during the podcast.
But if you want to experience what it was like to be here live.
You can check out the soundtrack for yourself.
It's a pay what you want thing.
So you can put zero.
But Dark Soccer, you say pay something. Do it.
Seriously, the guy put a lot of work into it.
And he did it for the community.
So just pay something. Anyone can afford a dollar.
Rivalrivalrival.bankcamp.com
Is the website where you can get that.
And technically it's like slash albums.
But just go to Rival Rival Rival.
Good times. Good times.
Alan's back from work earlier than expected.
Hi Alan. How was your gaming week?
Did you play a lot of good games this week?
What did you play?
He's not going to yell across the room.
How much did the Steam sale damage your wallet?
How about we wait until he can actually get on the microphone to ask him these questions.
Just a quick question.
How much did the Steam sale damage your wallet?
I would say I was able to keep the Steam Holiday sale in check for I want to say $35 or less.
Which is really good.
You did worse than me though if you spent that much money.
Have you played Torchlight 2 yet?
I installed it.
That's the first step. There you go.
I bought Hearthfire during their break.
It's $2.50.
Wait a minute. You talked me out of buying Dark Souls and now you bought stuff.
Well it's because some of the mods I had required Hearthfire.
So I wanted to install that so I can install those mods.
Alright.
Alan also and I celebrated 3 years on Friday.
So congratulations Alan.
Gross.
Squish squish.
But no.
The only reason why I bring that up is that we got to do dinner at Ruth Chris Steakhouse.
Because I had won a gift card through work.
Oh my god. Steak.
Nom.
That is so good.
Have you ever had Ruth Chris?
No I haven't. We saw that when we went to the mall the other day.
No. I haven't been there.
Even if it's not Ruth Chris like Morton's or one of those fancy steakhouses.
No. I like the Daily Grill.
They only had the nearest one that was in Modesto or San Francisco.
I really wish they had one here.
It's so good.
They're peppercorn steak.
I should say something nice publicly about Ruth Chris and the whole experience.
And I'm okay endorsing them because when we originally made the reservations we didn't really put that anything special was going on.
But as we were being seated the gal asked are you celebrating anything?
Unfortunately we're not quite at a society yet where we're looking at same sex relationships and it's no big deal.
And it isn't a big deal. It's just whatever right?
But still sometimes it's a little nervous to say okay well it's actually my anniversary.
But I just went ahead and said that.
And they were totally respectful and awesome.
And the waitress even put roses on our table.
And everybody from the busser that came by to the other waitresses would actually come by and say,
Hey happy anniversary you guys.
And would ask those questions like how long and so forth.
It was just an awesome experience and I was so happy with that.
So I should give them publicly props.
So if you have a lot of money to spend on an expensive steak it's a great steak. I'm not gonna lie.
What I was trying to say earlier is that one of my exes worked at Ruth's Chris.
And their steak knives are excellent to buy.
No you can actually buy the set of their steak knives. They're really nice.
But I used to get food free from there all the time.
Oh lucky lady.
Just takeout stuff you know stuff that had been set back.
Well I mean I understand you were in a different situation where you got takeout.
But you don't get takeout from Ruth's Chris.
No but some of the servers could take dinner home.
Sure like if a steak was overcooked or something.
Yeah and you know so it was I never ate in the restaurant.
But I've had plenty of stuff from there.
So it was good food.
Awesome.
Alright anyhow.
Oh you guys make me hungry for yet another buttery delicious steak.
But we have more gaming news to cover.
Buttery steak? No that sounds gross.
There's actually a place down in Sacramento that I just saw that's called butter and steak.
Or butter and bacon.
My friends I do brunch almost every Sunday with a group of friends.
And they all went there and they said it's really good but it's a long wait.
We missed that week. We were doing something else that Sunday. We didn't go.
We went to Pour House today.
My sister was telling me that they were doing Bacon Fest 2 down there.
Somebody was asking you earlier and I don't know who it was in chat.
I'm sorry chatter but somebody was asking you about if you've seen the show The United States of Bacon.
No I haven't.
I guess that's a thing.
Who knew it was a thing but it's a thing.
Alright.
Very nice comment. Thank you from SSJ100 Matt in our chat room.
The rest of the country could learn from a steakhouse.
Treating everyone like the same human being.
I could not agree more.
But I'm thankful that the people that participate with this show like you know whatever.
You know. Awesome.
Anyhow.
Let's get into some rapid fire news.
Back to gaming. The thing we all enjoy when we're not eating. Low key.
So Lego.
Even though they haven't really run out of properties to make things out of.
I mean they did create that Ninjago or whatever that is.
And I don't still understand that.
But they have that series now.
So now they have this new Lego Legends of Kima.
And it's some sort of looks like mythical creatures that they're going to now sell toys for.
But they also have this video game franchise that they're creating.
It's basically I think iOS games.
iOS and portable games.
So they're going to have this Lego Legends of Kima Speedzores.
Way to make up words.
It's I guess a racing mini game that's on Lego.com and on iOS.
Then they're going to have Lego Legends of Kima levels journey.
That's coming to 3DS and Vita.
And I guess the DS later on.
And then Lego Legends of Kima Online.
That's going to be a free to play online world.
So.
I guess it's weird.
It looks very like fantasy mythical stuff.
Like they have this looks like a lion headed warrior with this sword that's all lightning and stuff.
And he's throwing a magic ball.
And this like angel hawk headed guy.
I don't know.
It's funky looking.
But I'm sure the toys will be cool.
Live.vognetwork.com says without grown crappy kids toys Loki will never get this shit.
Bite your tongue sir.
There are tons of people that are into those Lego games.
There's tons of adults that are into Legos.
No I don't have a problem with Legos.
I still get Legos.
I don't get the Lego franchises that Lego themselves have built.
Like what do they have?
They have that whole Lego.
Well the Ninjago stuff doesn't make any.
I mean it's ninjas I understand that.
But it's just kind of beyond that.
I don't really know the lore and crap with that.
And then they also had the...
The fuck was it?
They had some other Lego series that looked like these weird Mayan robot things or something.
It's like the Technic toys that they turned and made like weird characters out of.
And it was just weird.
Technica or something like that.
I don't know if it was Technica but it was something weird like that.
And then this.
This doesn't make any sense to me.
It's just all these made up words and shit.
I don't know who these people are.
I can understand Lego, Lord of the Rings and that kind of crap.
It makes sense.
And the toys make sense.
But I don't know.
For me it would be hard to get into this.
I guess the reason they're doing this is probably because how they did the Lego, Lord of the Rings.
But there's not really another Lord of the Rings coming out.
I guess there is next year.
But the Lord of the Rings stuff.
There's a Hobbit movie.
Technically it's The Hobbit.
Well they're still lumping it all in there.
They're not going to do Lego, Lord of the Rings 2, The Hobbit.
Which is really what it's going to be probably for a couple of years.
So they're going to come out with something in the meantime for next year.
And this is what it's going to be there.
The Lego game that's three hours of nothing.
They're going to do.
Just kidding.
Lego.
I don't know.
Some other franchise.
I'm sure they can.
There's Harry Potter.
There's Star Wars.
They're not going to do any more Harry Potter ones.
Because obviously there's no more movies tying with that.
I think they could probably do.
What about Lego Pottermore?
They could totally do that.
Disney owns Star Wars now.
There's going to be more Star Wars in the future.
What about Lego Hunger Games?
No that's not going to happen.
What other movie franchises could become Lego games?
Well they have Lego Prince of Persia.
Which they could do something with.
They have the rights to that.
Lego Avengers?
Is this Game Guru in our chat room?
No.
Avengers.
Remember Avengers are Mega Bloks.
I want Lego Hunger Games.
Or Cubic.
I'm a genius.
That would be a great game.
Wouldn't you play Lego Hunger Games?
No.
Wouldn't you?
I don't like the Lego games.
You want to play Lego Hunger Games?
There's the Hunger Games things that you can run on Minecraft.
That's as close as you're going to get.
May the odds never be in your favor.
Odds are you're paying too much for this Lego set.
Alright.
And then there's another game that's being released I guess.
It was unfinished and it was a version of the game Faceball.
But it was called Niko-chan Battle in Japan.
And it was for the ever successful portable console Virtual Boy.
You know the monochrome red.
You mean the migraine machine.
Yes the migraine machine.
And guess what?
If you're looking for a reproduction cartridge of the Virtual Boy game.
You can get it.
It's going to be released in February for $100.
Or you can get the ROM for free.
And you know that is.
Well I like free.
But you know what would be kind of cool.
And this is kind of tying back into the story with the whole homebrew stuff.
Wouldn't it be awesome.
And I don't know why Nintendo hasn't done this already.
Wouldn't it be awesome if they released Virtual Boy games on the virtual console for the 3DS.
Because it's in 3D.
And it has virtual in the name already.
That makes too much sense.
We're not going to do that.
Well plus doesn't Nintendo kind of want to distance themselves from that.
Like maybe that's.
Why?
Might as well embrace it.
They did it.
For a while.
I love the chatters by the way.
Now they're just shouting out all these random ass Lego games.
Sega says Lego cards against humanity.
That's how I spent my New Years Eve by the way.
What up G. Lego Street Fighter X Mega Man.
Degenerate Johnny.
This could be a thing Degenerate Johnny.
Lego Doctor Who.
I can see that.
Why not tap into what the big fandom is like.
Lego Merlin.
Lego Sherlock.
Why not.
Lego BBC.
No Lego Sherlock please.
Alright.
Lego Angry Birds.
I am perfectly happy with just the show.
Alright moving on to more news.
You know a lot of the internet is now in the cloud.
They always talk about in the cloud.
Everything's out in the cloud.
And now you can have your save games on Playstation 3 and Xbox in the cloud.
And everything can be in that fluffy little cloud.
But guess what?
Sometimes the cloud fucks up.
And that's what happened this week.
The Xbox cloud wasn't available to some people.
Very interesting because only certain people were unable to access it for certain time.
But that's how the internet works sometimes.
They ended up giving a one month free of Xbox Live to those that were unable to get their cloud games available.
So this probably also ties into Netflix was down on Christmas Eve for a lot of people.
Which drove them batty.
And apparently someone at Amazon had pushed the wrong button.
Like Amazon actually fessed up and kind of apologized to Netflix.
Which I thought was interesting.
Yeah we didn't do that on purpose.
Yeah.
We don't have a competing video streaming service or anything.
So someone made the cloud disappear.
And so if that's where your Xbox save files were you might not have been happy.
In other very interesting news.
A father in China decided to treat his son's internet addiction to an internet game.
I don't know what game this was but he did it in a very interesting way.
He hired an online hitman to take out his son.
Oh my gosh.
Apparently he was getting bad grades in school because of the gaming habit.
He couldn't land a job.
He couldn't get any work or whatever.
And the father was very annoyed that he didn't take the job at the software development company or whatever.
I mean these are problems a lot of people go through or what have you.
So the father hired games or hired players in the son's favorite games to hunt down the kid.
And we don't know how he did it or whatever.
But I imagine I could just see the post on like World of Warcraft forums.
Please kill my child.
Yeah we have a problem.
5,000 G for hit.
It's creative. I don't know.
So anyway now this is the part where I start to wonder if the story is fake because it has a happy ending.
But the child stuck up to his dad and said I can play or I cannot play.
It doesn't bother me.
I'm not looking for any job.
I want to take some time to find one that suits me.
We don't know if that was good enough to get the hitman's or the hitman called off.
Hitman. Stupid.
I just am now imagining a gif of this kid.
Challenge accepted.
Very nice.
It would be hilarious.
Yeah come at me with a hitman on grant.
I thought I'll just kick.
Come at me dad.
Alright moving on.
That situation will never end.
That situation will never happen with me because I will always be more skilled than my son at any game that he plays.
I will make that my life's mission.
So in other news.
Zen Pinball 2 is supposed to come out on the Wii U but it's been delayed to I think later this month.
And they're showing some of the games in it.
One of them including Plants vs. Zombies which is pretty neat.
And I'm trying to get this other one pulled up.
I think there was an Avengers one wasn't there?
I think there was in the old pinball games so maybe they brought it over.
I'm not sure though.
Maybe.
Anyway also an update for Street Fighter X Mega Man is coming.
And it says that there is.
Let's see.
On the download page the traffic they're saying was insane and broke the site.
So they want to keep supporting it.
And the guy behind everything.
Well Capcom's Senior Community Manager says that they're not done with the celebrations yet.
That means more.
Maybe we'll get Sakura.
This is going to be one of those celebrations that goes on for like a year.
Like my birthday.
Alright.
That's it for rapid fire news tonight.
Let's go to the foogle question of the week.
You smash Facebook and Google together.
Our Facebook community.
Our Google Plus community.
And you get foogle.
Now first off foogle people.
Explain to me why when I post the question the day before I get less answers.
Y'all are yelling at me about not giving you enough notice for the questions.
Although I will say this.
To the user's credit on our communities.
We got like kind of a different sampling than we get when we post the questions some days.
So alright let's hear from some other people we don't always hear from.
On the foogle question of the week.
One of our little sayings on OLR is hackers gonna hack.
And it sounds like this week much progress was made towards hacking the 3DS.
To be able to run custom code.
We talked about this earlier in the show of course.
When you hear stories like this do you tend to think it's a good thing for the community.
To be able to work around region locks and homebrew.
Or do you think it's a bad thing for the community as it makes piracy easier.
And makes companies want to come up with even more DRM ideas.
Or are you indifferent.
You don't care.
Let's start with Google tonight.
Critical Myth.
One of the hosts of Critical Myth here at The Bog Network.
4 o'clock Monday Wednesday Friday Pacific.
Critical Myth says hacking only gets on my nerves when it's done maliciously.
With no consideration for the impact on others.
Such as some of the actions of Anonymous and similar movements.
I have to say though.
Anonymous lately has been freaking boss.
Well here's the thing without getting too political.
My understanding is that you know part of the fact that there is Anonymous.
Is that there is a very kind of lack of organization.
No one's in charge.
Anonymous is kind of an idea right.
So yeah I mean I think we all heard about some of the stuff they were doing.
Where they were teaming up with Roseanne of all people.
To bring to light some of these really horrific things that were going on in Ohio.
I don't want to get into it.
But it's you know go Google it.
So you know you look at that.
And combating the WBC.
But then yeah but then I also get what Critical Myth is saying.
They've done some other stuff that's not so great.
So you know anyhow.
But let's focus more on the first part of that statement.
Hacking only gets on my nerves when it's done maliciously.
With no consideration for the impact on others.
One could argue that there's no consideration for the impact of gaming companies.
When people do this.
But then again there's some people that really want to run their homebrew.
Hmm tricky.
Rettertainment says as a normal everyday user of technology.
I am indifferent about matters such as this.
Until the hackers cause the manufacturer of the product I'm using to change it in a way that impacts me.
Then I get really fucking pissed off.
Why should I the normal everyday user suffer because of a small minority of users?
Well Rettertainment you must be really pissed at what some of the companies are doing with DRM now.
Earlier when Bobby Blackwolf gave us a call at the end of his show.
We were talking about Sim City.
And how I predict that game is going to tank.
And it's going to be because of the DRM.
I think a lot of people are predicting this honestly.
But I also think it's going to be the most pirated game of next year.
And it's all because of that DRM.
Let's go to Facebook and see what the folks on Facebook had to say.
And we'll start it off on Facebook with Raginator.
I'm against it and I think it's a bad thing.
Bobby once talked about this kind of thing on his show and I agree with his sentiment.
To paraphrase, people hacking their systems ultimately boils down to one thing.
Piracy despite claims to the contrary.
Obviously piracy isn't defensible and hurts everyone in the long run.
Loki do you agree with that notion?
Hacking is about piracy only.
Let's cut through the bullshit.
This isn't about homebrew.
This isn't about...
It's about piracy.
No I don't think that's so at all.
The people that normally do create these exploits and stuff to open up a system.
Aren't doing it for stealing stuff.
They're just doing it to have homebrew options or to make things a little bit more user friendly.
As far as removing region locking and that kind of stuff.
Granted there's a lot of people that also just want to pirate stuff.
But those are pirates not hackers.
Black Wolf is in our chat room by the way.
Also kind of elaborating on this comment.
He says he was paraphrased poorly which is fine.
That just gives people reason to go listen to your show.
To get the word from the horse's mouth.
However I will say this from Black Wolf.
Whenever I look at top homebrew apps for anything.
9 of the top 10 all facilitate backups.
The other one is a media server.
So if I'm putting kind of that together with what Loki says.
Maybe the people who author this stuff aren't necessarily doing it for piracy.
But 90% of the people who go looking for it are.
Is that a fair statement? Loki?
A lot of people that are looking for hacks are yes looking for piracy.
Let's go to some more comments.
Lots of very long very well thought out comments on Facebook.
Unfortunately due to time I can't read these things in their entirety.
So I really urge you guys during the week.
Check this out facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
Or read some of these responses in their entirety.
DDR dollar bill says everyone has their arguments for and against this.
You have those who want this.
They can legitimately play imported games.
And you have those who just want to download files off the web and play it.
Without having to pay the cent.
Pay a cent.
Regardless of the morality behind it.
Ultimately we have to wonder if it's good for the consumer or not.
So you know the way that the game companies have to respond to what happens.
Burr responds and says I think it's a great thing for community.
It gives independent developers a chance to play with new hardware.
Which in the 3DS's case could be especially interesting.
Because I feel it's potential hasn't been fully tapped yet.
I think a lot of people are excited to see what type of homebrew could come up with.
Rob himself replies and says I got an original Xbox at the end of it's run.
And ended up getting a chip to run homebrew and of course pirated games.
I ended up with lots of games.
If I did not like a game I would just pop a new one in.
It would never be played again.
So pretty much due to being spoiled for choice.
I never really gave most games a chance.
That was the last time I had a console chipped and modded.
And now I spend way more times on playing games that I paid for.
Very interesting conclusion.
So what I'm reading into that is that because you just would throw away all these games.
You had access to anything you wanted.
And you ended up just throwing most of it away and never giving it a second thought.
And because of that you just want to buy the games and focus on that.
As opposed to I guess wasting your time downloading crap.
I think that's what I'm trying to read between the lines there.
I think that's what I'm hearing.
That's what it sounds like.
Daniel S. replies and says these things will happen no matter what.
All the people I know who hack and torrent are people who won't ever buy a game.
I feel that it's because we keep our ear to the ground that we feel like it's a big deal.
Degenerate Johnny says actions like hacking consoles is considered questionable.
It undermines the product that the company is producing and it promotes users to take an unethical behavior.
That being said, such actions can be considered justified in cases such as this, referring to the 3DS.
Nintendo should offer as much freedom as possible to its consumers if it ever hopes to fend off the aggressive competition as Microsoft, Sony, and Apple.
They shouldn't alienate its market based on location by forcing its consumers to purchase products that are only provided within their respective regions.
That's the first half of the comment there.
Well, Devil's Advocate, it's Nintendo's hardware.
They have the right to make whatever choices they want, but I guess what I'm hearing out of this is that this is how the community is going to respond to it.
When you try to take these things away, the community will patch it in themselves, I guess.
Tigerlaw says it's both a good thing and a bad thing.
Oftentimes, a console would have certain features that a hacker would implement and those features would end up in a future update at some point as well as play imported games.
It's also bad because it encourages piracy and makes those that do not intend on playing download it for free instead.
Dark Charger, very interesting comment here.
As someone who has been playing games for over three decades and has worked in software development for over 15 years, this is a very difficult question to answer.
The piracy of software that one doesn't already own a license to is stealing, period.
This hurts not only game software makers, but the industry as a whole.
That being said, I do not for an instant believe that a pirated game is necessarily a lost sale.
It is a false equivalence that movie studios, the RIAA, etc. have been incorrectly trying to make.
I think that people should be able to do with the hardware that they own what they want to the extent that it doesn't affect others.
While I would love to believe that the hacking community is primarily interested in expanding independent gaming, we all know that on the whole, the primary motive in most of these cases is piracy.
I do think, though, that these DRM restrictions only hurt legitimate buyers and are also largely ineffective.
And he closes that with slash long-winded.
I think that's a great comment and I'd like to hear from somebody that's kind of in that industry what they think.
Any thoughts on that comment, what Dark Charger said, Loki?
I do agree that a lot of it's just not a lost sale because I think a lot of, going back to what someone else was calling, where you just download a bunch of games that you're probably just going to throw away.
That you try once and you're like, eh, no, I can't see myself playing this. That's not necessarily a lost sale.
And hell, I mean, if you look at it in reverse, what if you were a consumer that bought that game and you're just like, crap, this is absolute shit, or it's completely broken, or whatever, for whatever reason you don't like it.
I agree that, yeah, you can't, that's one of the problems when they're calculating losses with piracy, you can't say that, oh, that was a lost sale.
And sometimes, in the cases where you may pirate the game, play it for a few weeks, and then buy the physical copy when it comes out.
How many people really do that?
There's a lot of people.
Alright. Next comment from Iamsuperlazy. I love that name. Me too, buddy, me too.
Iamsuperlazy says, I want to make things clear. I don't pirate, nor do I endorse piracy, and I do like the 3DS and have spent many hours playing the thing.
That being said, I do agree with the Free Software Foundation's stance on things like being able to mess with the hardware if I have the capability to.
It comes down to having control of what you buy because I own it and not being tied down to draconian TOS.
Lastly, Codeman replies and says, I think it comes down to two different kinds of people in the world, good and bad.
Good people will do something intelligent and fun with it, but bad will do something to destroy the fun for everyone else.
Either way, both will force companies to implement more restrictions so both sides lose.
So I think I'm indifferent because in the right hands, it could be used for good.
So if I were to read into Codeman's comment, he's saying that there are lawful good people in the world and there are chaotic evil people in the world, but you're more like true neutral.
Is that what I'm hearing? Maybe.
In seriousness though, I think he's right. Some people have good intentions, some people do not have good intentions.
I think that's true for a lot of things in life.
Anyhow, that's it for the FUGL Question of the Week.
Participate next week by joining one of our communities either on Facebook or on Google+.
Meanwhile, if there's no other comments here in the studio, we'll get to gaming news.
Alright, so there's another kind of Android console game, Android console coming out called the GameStick.
And what the GameStick is, is it's basically this device that plugs into your TV using the HDMI port.
It actually gets the power from the HDMI port if your TV supports that, otherwise they have an external adapter you can use either USB or a wall plug.
It's going to go for $79 and it's supposed to play different Android games, very similar to the Ouya.
Versus though, I think that a lot of the games being put on this aren't necessarily being made specifically for it.
It's not like it's going to have its own separate marketplace like the Ouya did.
Although they say that PlayJam is working with more than 250 developers to get titles made for and ported to the system.
And it basically comes with a controller as well, very similar to the Xbox 360 controller.
And what's kind of cool is the console, since it's the size of a USB stick, plugs into the, you can actually store it in the controller.
So you just take the controller with you and pop it into a TV and away you go.
That's like one of those wireless mouse, like laptop mice that have the USB dongle inside the mouse.
And yes, it's going to run Jelly Bean on Android and then of course outputting at 1080p.
And it's powered by an ArmLogic 8726MX mobile processor.
They actually have quite a few of these kind of all-in-one devices that you can buy now that do this sort of thing.
Not necessarily with a controller attached to it, but you can get these kind of PCs on a stick that have all this Android stuff.
You know, back when I was a teenager, the only thing you got on a stick was a hot dog.
And now you can get a PC on a stick.
Yes.
So it's expected out to, and of course, it is on Kickstarter, so they're working to kickstart this.
And they're expecting the console to officially launch one month after the Ouya in April.
And as of right now, just taking a quick peek to see if they've already hit their goals.
Oh wow.
You know, it should do alright.
How many people bought an Ouya and this?
Is this competition for the Ouya Loki?
I don't know. I mean, the controller is set up, like I said, it was sort of like an Xbox 360.
It's more of like, the analog layout is set up like the Xbox 360, but the controller looks like a classic controller on the Wii.
And I don't know, it looks kind of cheap.
But I mean, granted, it's a prototype that they're showing the picture of.
I guess it could be feasible for somebody to look at this and say,
oh hey, I'll pick it up because it's $20 cheaper than the Ouya.
But I would wait and see until they have some more information about this.
You know, versus the Ouya.
I have a feeling you're going to see a lot more of these types of things coming out.
Of course.
Like I said, they already have them.
The Ouya made a ton of money on Kickstarter.
Who doesn't like money?
And people are throwing it everywhere on Kickstarter.
They already have different, if you actually do a search about the Arm Logic 8726 or whatever,
you can actually look and find some other devices that are very similar minus the controller.
But once again, you could probably use a Bluetooth controller with it that are very similar.
So the price point is pretty nice, considering you get a controller with it.
But I don't know, it's interesting.
All right, speaking of interesting, this next story.
Quite the opposite of what you usually hear when you talk about the media,
or universities and so forth reporting on games.
Polygon ran a very interesting article this week about World of Warcraft players.
Could they be the ideal employee?
And this article is based on a video from researcher John Seely Brown.
Did the video for Knowledge Forum, Big Think.
And apparently in the video, Mr. Brown says,
I would rather hire a high level World of Warcraft player than an MBA from Harvard.
Why is a game, a massive multiplayer game that has maybe 12 million people or more playing it,
like World of Warcraft, so important at both the individual level and maybe at the corporate level?
To understand these massive multiplayer games like World of Warcraft,
do not think about it as just gameplay, but look at the social life on the edge of the game.
And of course I get into talking about the guilds and how you got to manage people when you're running a guild.
When you do well in these guilds, you get the extra bonuses and so forth.
You have to do research.
And you do this because you want to.
You want to be better.
And he calls that a self-organized ideation structure and an idea refinement structure.
These guilds are truly meritocracy based.
So even if you were the leader of this particularly high end raid, at the end you do an after action review.
And the after action review, each person is open to total criticism by everybody else.
More dots! More dots! It needs more dots!
Would you hire that guy?
Turn down Rob's vent.
Set Rob volume to 50%.
One more quote here.
The game described, quote, as an amazing learning environment with powerful learning tools that I think we in the education world can learn a hell of a lot about.
And we in the management world can learn a lot about.
But it gets back to this notion of passion.
It gets back to this notion of curiosity.
And it gets back to this notion that this is an interest driven phenomenon that unleashes exponential learning of a dimension that's almost unimaginable any other way.
What do you guys think about this?
Do you think there is merit to this?
That somebody who excels at World of Warcraft may bring something to the professional corporate table that somebody with an MBA from Harvard would not?
No.
Actually, yeah.
Because there's something to be said for book learning versus real life experience for interaction with people.
You know, I often think sometimes a college degree can ruin a natural talent.
Well, I mean, I am coming from an art field.
So, yeah, I've seen people's work the more education they have.
It's important to say you're not saying all the time. You're saying some of the time.
There's people who I totally respected as artists that I think that their work was better when they were still raw and new.
I'm just saying.
That being said, you have to, I think, have the background information to go with it.
But if you want somebody who's going to be a good manager of people for someone who's going to be able to give feedback in an open environment,
you need someone who has experience in that you just don't get immediately in school unless you've taken tons of rhetoric classes.
You know, apart from that.
Loki, you said no. What's your take?
The no on that is because I think you could say the same in the reverse.
You know why you have, you know, this MMO.
And granted, there's some people that are probably going to be well organized or whatever in this.
But at the same time, you could also have well organized people that have an MBA.
I don't think one's necessarily better than the other.
It's just one went to college and I won.
And that's not to say that the person playing World of Warcraft didn't go to college either.
I mean, you're just they play a game that doesn't necessarily mean that mean anything.
I mean, how 10 year olds play the game. Seven year olds probably play World of Warcraft and they may be good at it.
Does that mean you should hire a seven year old for your fucking job?
No, they are free to adults. It doesn't matter, though.
I'm saying that the people that play this and necessarily can excel at this art.
I mean, if you're going to say like they have all these team working skills and stuff like that.
I'm sorry. But if you're hiring someone that can't work in a team, I mean, that that's a whole nother problem.
You need to just get rid of that employee anyways.
I don't think it has anything to do with their level of education. I don't know.
Rama in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says that my old job, we geeked it up, but you were shunned for playing WoW.
Here's my question. Why? I mean, I play WoW and I get that there's that stigma that's attached to it.
But no offense, you watch My Little Pony.
Here's my thing. My point with that. I'm not knocking the bronies and all that.
My point with that is that we've all got our thing. Right.
And usually it's it's it's usually a social thing. And a lot of it is like community and so forth. Right.
I you know, I wouldn't read this article to the extreme that, oh, a person who plays WoW is better than a person with an MBA.
Not necessarily. I wouldn't go that far with it.
But I would read into that is that this guy is saying, hey, don't laugh at the guy who runs a high end guild in WoW.
Don't write him off automatically because he plays a computer computer game, because actually it can take a lot of discipline.
And to that extent, I really agree with it, is that running a high end guild in WoW, you do have to manage people and you do have to learn how to settle down drama.
And yes, a lot of those experiences can carry over into the real world. It is a social interaction.
I'm not sure you appropriately are exposed to in college.
No, you're not. That's why they require you to take a speech class.
But one speech class doesn't really prepare you for that type of working with people.
So I think these two skills complement each other. It's not necessarily that one betters the other.
But I think the person who has the MBA and understand social interaction in WoW is a pretty good candidate.
Now, here's a very interesting question from Tiger Claw in the chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
He asks me, you're a corporate trainer by day, a Warcraft player by night.
Has your WoW experience helped improve your experience and your job?
That's a really good question.
Probably not as much as this show has complimented my job, believe it or not.
You know, think about it. In my day job, I have to get in front of a group of people and talk about, you know, subjects for, you know, seven and a half hours a day at some points.
And, you know, we do a very similar thing on this show in some ways.
I taught customer contact center for a long time where we had to, you know, explain to people how to answer the phone and you never know what could be on the other side.
Guess what I do at the end of the show that will be coming up later?
Answer phone calls and you never know what might be on the other side and kind of having to deal with that.
Not that we necessarily get irate callers on this show and that's not an invitation.
But, you know, some of those skills do kind of complement each other a bit.
After seven years of working in customer service where five of it was spent dealing with purely irate customers, I am much better dealing with people in an audio situation than I am looking at them.
You know, I can tell practically anything from a tone of voice than how their body language is acting.
So, and I think in some cases being able to infer from voice inflection is a rarer skill.
Now, here's something else. In my career, I've aspired to get into management.
You know, you want to move up the corporate ladder.
I'm sorry.
Well, shut up because I would actually like to train other trainers and I'd like to manage a department of trainers because at the end of the day, I want to have a more positive impact on how people learn.
Because, you know, I like to think I'm pretty good at what I do and I want to, you know, manage other people to kind of do it very similarly.
And I have applied for management positions, you know, at various places in my own company and so forth.
And usually I get turned down, which is rejection is something we have to face in life, right?
I get turned down because I don't have enough management experience.
And in a way, it kind of ticks me off.
Well, I shouldn't say it ticks me off, but it's disappointing because I've been managing this show in a way, in a way, right, for 11, 12 years.
A lot of that experience I have in World of Warcraft, I mean, I realize I can't put that on a resume, but it's kind of irritating that people don't necessarily look at that.
Like, yes, I do know how to quell dramatic situations and I know how to handle angry people and I know how to talk to people when people are performing badly.
You have to do all of that stuff in World of Warcraft.
So what this guy says in a way does kind of strike home.
Maybe we should give more credit to that than we are.
Not that I think I should get a job merely because of that. There's other things I can do, too, and I'm working on it.
But I don't think you should discount some of my other things just because they're tied to video games.
Any other thoughts, guys, before we move on?
Thank you. You summed it up.
Which, by the way, no desire to be management.
Well, that's you.
All right. SSJ 100 Matt in our chat room says,
Here's a fact and I'm going out on a limb and I don't want to speak for the host, but I can say that you guys, Rob, Jamie, Loki, learned more people and speech skills from just doing this show more than any class could teach you.
In many ways, yes. I can't speak for my co-host, but yeah, in a lot of ways.
Has this show benefited speech elements of your life?
I think that I've learned how to control vocal inflection a bit better rather than go all out, I guess. I mean, yeah, it's helped. It's constant practice.
Loki?
I don't know. I guess.
It's hard to tell where I pick up things. I don't know.
All right. Then again, I've been doing speech a long time. A little known fact, I won a speech contest when I was 17, a pretty big one.
And yeah, you know, I just I like talking. That should be obvious, right?
All right. Let's move on with some other video game news. Dark Saga.
In other news, see, I just controlled my vocal inflection.
There is a game out in Japan. It's a browser game that's too hard for children and everyone else.
It's a Disney game. It's a Disney Winnie the Pooh browser game, and it's been making children cry in Japan. Poor Japanese kids.
I'm laughing, but that's sad.
So basically, it's a game where Pooh tries to hit pitches in baseball.
You have to aim the bat with a mouse and click to swing.
But it has to be perfect timing for a home run, which is the only kind that counts.
And it's making children cry and also keeping my baseball soup super big in Japan.
So Winnie the Pooh in baseball making children cry.
Some folks in the chat room have been saying, I've been playing this.
Ross Steel UT says, Bravo, Disney. Now, now.
So maybe these developers didn't keep their audience in mind when they were developing the game.
I don't know. Or maybe they're just rougher on their kids in other countries. Who knows?
All right. Well, America McGee has turned to Kickstarter to go ahead and fund his next project.
A Kaniero Demon Hunters, which is sort of based off of Little Red Riding Hood,
but with, I guess, a Japanese mythology slant or something to it.
It could be from the fact that Alice Madam's Returns kind of flopped.
Maybe. No one wants to fund his game anymore.
But he's looking for $200,000 right now on Kickstarter for it.
And it's expected to be kind of ported to a bunch of different platforms, including Android, iOS, PC, Mac.
And they're seeing cross platform support.
And of course, also the stretch goals include Linux because that's always a stretch goal for some reason.
And right now they've got about 26 days to go and they're only $33,000 into it.
It doesn't seem like a big response yet.
The game looks pretty. It's kind of like a, I don't know, interesting art style, I guess.
Not something I would back probably, but it looks neat.
But a lot of that would be concept stuff, right?
Because how much of the work has actually been done if they're on Kickstarter?
Well, I mean, I don't know. Maybe.
I'm not sure really what he's looking for money for.
I'd have to watch the video, but I'm not going to.
Let's see. Why is he kickstarting this?
It says it's been developing since mid 2011.
And apparently they have had a closed beta running since this November or November 2012.
That's a great question. Why are they kickstarting it?
What is, I mean, it goes to ask that question. What's Kickstarter really for?
You're not really. Oh, here we go.
Or are you kickstarting the distribution?
No, no, no. Here's why we need backing.
We need to reach $200,000 to support our current team of developers in realizing the most complete version of the game.
That's very vague.
So they need $200,000 to do what?
So basically it says the backing will guarantee the following.
It's Android, iOS tablet versions, co-op multiplayer, equipment crafting system, and improved community support.
And then I guess also karma void dungeons, lockboxes, and a bunch of miscellaneous shit.
So it sounds like it's just they ran out of money for this.
And it looks like, judging by the description here, that it's going to be a free to play game.
So they're going to offer free and then they're going to have DLC.
Kind of like you would expect on like iOS and stuff.
So, I don't know.
Sag in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
The money certainly seems to be for finishing, but maybe also marketing?
It's weird. So they want finishing round of funding.
I would think if that's the case and the game's already practically done,
it's coming out whether they meet their goal or not.
They just want the money to be able to market it and distribute it maybe a little more efficiently.
Or to a wider potential audience. It's an investment.
Well they're trying to get it on Steam Greenlight because that's one of the things that they have on there.
I don't know. It's just...
I'm kind of like, it's almost to me like his name is meaningless because Alice was so good
and then everything else that's come after that hasn't been as good.
And so it's just kind of like, do we really trust American McGee?
I don't know.
Although Bad Day LA looked hilarious, but apparently it was not very good.
Alright. I'm going to try very hard not to butcher the details of this next story,
but this is kind of a follow up to a very difficult subject we talked about a couple weeks ago.
On this show we had a pretty in-depth conversation after the Newtown massacre that happened.
You know, that horrible, horrible, sick shooting that happened at the elementary school back east.
And I warned you guys. They're coming for the video games.
Well, here it is. Here it is.
And I warned you. Here it is.
Running around the game blogs this week.
A January 12th event being organized by Southington.
This town is about 30 miles from where the tragedy took place.
Southington SOS.
It's a collection of representatives from the Connecticut town's organizations like YMCA,
Board of Education, Fire Department, United Way, Clergy, Chamber of Commerce, etc.
They are going to be encouraging people to turn in violent video games.
And then they are going to destroy them and they're going to burn them.
Just like communities did in the past to Dixie Chicks albums.
And I'm sure books and movies and porn.
And a series of fine art in Renaissance Italy.
Witches. Absolutely.
From the organization.
There are youngsters who appear to be consumed with violent video games.
This is a quote from an interview with Polygon Joe Arardi from Southington School Superintendent.
I'm not certain if that's a good thing.
If this encourages one courageous conversation with a parent and their child, this is a success.
We're suggesting that for parents who have a child or children who play violent video games
to first of all view the games.
We're asking parents to better understand what their child is doing.
Have a conversation about next steps.
If parents are comfortable with their child's gaming habits, we're comfortable.
If they decide you're not so comfortable, you can go to the local drive-in movie theater on January 12th.
Turn in the games for a $25 gift voucher for a local water park or other local forms of entertainment.
Let's go see an R-rated movie with that $25 voucher.
Let's go see Django Unchained.
That'll be a good family film we could go check out.
Let's go see Les Mis. Watch all those people die.
Once those items are turned in, the discs will be snapped, tossed into a town dumpster, and likely burned.
Now, another further statement from the organization.
The group's action is not intended to be construed as statement declaring that violent video games were the cause of the shocking violence in Newtown.
Too late.
Rather, we're saying that there is ample evidence that violent video games along with violent media of all kinds,
including TV and movies portraying story after story, showing a continuous stream of violence and killing,
has contributed to increasing aggressiveness, fear, anxiety,
and is desensitizing our children to acts of violence, including bullying.
Social and political commentators, as well as elected officials, including the president,
are attributing violent crime to many factors, including inadequate gun control laws, a culture of violence, and recreational culture of violence.
So what I'm hearing with this, how do we respond to the violence and killing and the increasing aggressiveness?
How do we respond?
We're going to get the angry mod to snap this shit in half and set it on fire.
That's not aggressive.
Well, you know, you know, Rob, fear leads to anger, and anger leads to hate, and hate leads to suffering.
Just saying.
But, you know, once again, the integral part of their plan is that they want parents to be responsible for their children,
which is never going to fucking happen, because it's just unfortunately nowadays,
they obviously don't want to blame the poor parenting for any of this violence,
but because it was the parent that was supposed to view those games and figure out if it was appropriate for their child,
and they failed to do that because they're parents and they don't want to take responsibility for their own actions.
It's like a contradiction. It's like, we want you to take responsibility for this stuff,
but at the same time we're going to blame, you know, whatever on these video games instead of taking responsibility for this stuff.
I'm sure it's no surprise. Our chatters are lit up on this topic here.
Dark Tetsuya says, so why is the bonfire just focusing on video games?
And is anybody thinking about the poor air quality that we're going to get from burning all this, like, plastic?
I mean, that's got to be bad for the children.
What if January 12th is a winner's spare the air day?
Then what?
What happens if that crazy, you know, toxic fumes coming from the dump or, you know, whatever causes a child to get enraged and murder somebody?
Then what? Then what are we going to do?
Uh, let's see.
Uh, DKB says they should just pretend to burn them and then take them all down to GameStop for some money.
Well, that would be a good idea for a fundraiser.
Well, burn the GameStop. There's all the evil games in there.
That's like going through the, I don't know.
Ross Steel UT says, in cases like this, I'm thankful the Supreme Court ruled against Leland Yee.
Tiger Claw says, oftentimes it's the older brother who buys the game that the younger kid gets exposed to, so it's not the parents at fault.
Oh, of course not. It's not the parents at all letting the child, you know, letting the older brother buy the game for, you know, the younger kid.
Um, they could ask the younger kid, okay, where'd you get the game?
Oh, my brother bought it for me.
Okay, then they deal with the older brother and they scold both, you know, kids.
It's still fucking, oh, well, I didn't know the older brother was giving, you know, ecstasy to my child.
I guess I'm not at fault that, you know, he's all drugged out.
Oh, it's not my fault that, you know, he's, he's an alcoholic now because his older brother bought him booze.
I'm the victim here. I have to raise an alcoholic son now.
You may be interested in an interesting follow-up.
In another article that Polygon did later in the week, Christopher J. Ferguson, who is the chairman of the Texas A&M International University Department of Psychology and Communications said,
Don't get me wrong. I am fully aware you are trying to do what you think is best.
But there is real risk in focusing people's attention on the wrong thing, as well as contributing to historical patterns of mortal panic that tend to surround new media, often despite evidence media is not harmful, even if it may be offensive.
Thoughts?
Well, yeah, I mean, it's, it's classic moral panic. Whenever we have traumatic events like this historically going all the way back to the Greeks, people tend to blame the media.
It makes us feel like we know what happened and that we can fix it. It's very easy to really focus on the media as a boogeyman.
Witch hunting. That's all it is.
Really, at the end of the day, we just have to blame Fox News for, you know, all this anyways, because who would have gotten who?
Don't tell me that these people are actually smart enough to come up with ideas on their own.
They heard Fox's. Oh, my God, those video games. Oh, my God. They are violent.
They are causing murderers. Why aren't we doing anything about this evil, evil non-Christian thing?
I mean, I'm sorry. It's just.
Mob mentality, I guess some further quotes.
Oh, go ahead. If I may say there's a one name in history that should totally illustrate the point McCarthy.
Funny you bring that up. Let me read one more quote from the follow up.
If you're going to have a conversation now, I'd be careful about how you broach it.
Make it clear that you understand that video games don't contribute to mass shootings. Make it clear that you're not indulging in this moral panic.
Speaking about the 50s, back then, they had psychiatrists going before Congress saying comics not only caused not only excuse me,
going before Congress saying comics cause not only delinquency, but homosexuality.
I know Superman totally made me gay. We kind of look back on these things and sort of giggle and go,
oh, my God, I can't believe people back in the 50s thought comic books were making killers and that kind of stuff.
But then we don't learn from it. Whenever new media comes out, we all freak out about that one, too.
I can't believe that black people couldn't marry white people. That's so silly.
You can't marry gays. I got nothing.
Yeah, it's. Look, just it really is people not paying attention to what's not in front of them, you know,
and this is this is actually I'd say a very deep downfall of human nature.
You know, we have phrases out there about learning from history so you don't repeat it.
But people really don't learn from history. People don't like to think outside of their box.
They want something to distract them from the troubles going on around them.
So they like, oh, well, so and so has mental health issues. We have this going on.
We have that going on. Let's blame games. It's easy.
Here's the thing. Here's my opinion. If you want to snap your disks in half and set it on fire, that's fine.
That's your prerogative. And the parents, as the ones who probably bought that disk for their kids, have every right to do so.
But in my opinion, don't do it because of a panic going on in society.
Do it because your kids aren't doing their homework. That's why you snap the disks and set them on fire.
You don't do it because, you know, or let's be smart here.
At least if you're going to, you know, do that stuff, do trade them in and sell them or something and get some money back or something.
I mean, a voucher to a water park. Cool.
If, you know, if your games are worth more than twenty five dollars and, you know, you should probably take them somewhere, at least trade them in.
At least be some somewhat smart about if you're going to get rid of it.
You don't like, you know, if you think your car is evil, you don't drive it off a cliff.
OK, you would think, OK, if this car is not very good, I'm just going to go ahead and sell it to a dealership or something.
You've never driven Christine.
Yeah, well, Christine doesn't. You don't drive Christine. Christine drives you.
But well, I mean, the thing is to also now let's take a look at something outside the box.
They're creating more litter by burning plastic items.
They're releasing fumes into the air. So they're actually creating a health and safety hazard with their little witch hunt.
To be fair, they said it would be likely incinerated. They may not actually do it.
They may just compact it into a little cube. Who knows? Does it really change anything?
Would it be a game cube?
It's still mob mentality and it's what gets people hurt in the long run.
You're promoting violence on this show because I'm about ready to jump over this fucking table and strangle you for that joke.
In happier news, let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us e-mails with some insight. We'll probably get some e-mails on that topic next week.
And I invite you to respond via e-mail. Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
Dark Sakura is going to open up the mailbag. Dive in head first and read some e-mails here on air.
Dark Sakura, what are the e-mails this week?
Yeah, we have two. Just two.
The first one is from Nasty Canasta.
OLR Crew, hang onto your asses because I'm putting you on the spot with a question.
What is an unpopular opinion you have for a video game?
I don't know. I don't really care if my opinion is unpopular, so I don't know.
Does that make sense?
An unpopular opinion you have on games.
Pokemon's kind of repetitive, guys.
Yet you guys are all really into it. It's been the same thing for how long. It's kind of repetitive.
Just saying.
Chrono Trigger was also not the best Super Nintendo game. That's my opinion.
I hate Kaiden.
Also contributing to the violence on this program.
I guess that would be mine. I don't think that Kaiden is a very good love interest for Fem Shop.
I'm not sure that's a hugely popular opinion in the first place, but that's fine.
How about Excite Truck was the best launch game for the Wii?
It's pretty good.
More email of this one.
My scandalous claim is I did not enjoy Chrono Trigger.
I bought the DS version when it was on sale for $10 new and restarted about four times because other games caught my attention.
On my final restart, I put in an honest effort to see what made the game so good.
Though once I reached the era where you first visit the floating continent, around 20 hours in, I lost interest.
Dude, that's the best part of the game. You're about to go to the undersea palace.
Now, to be fair, as much as you might think I'm high-fiving this guy, I didn't say Chrono Trigger was a bad game.
I said it's not the best game. In fact, it's not really in my top five.
But it would definitely be in my top ten.
Twenty. Top twenty.
The battle system had its interesting points, but I did not see what the hubbub was about with the story.
Sorry to all you fanboys and fangirls out there.
To this day, the RPGs that's near and dear to me is Final Fantasy IX.
I just love everything about that game. However, I'm looking forward to the inevitable and hopefully 3D remake of Final Fantasy VI on 3DS.
In the meantime, I should get back to my DS backlog to play the Dragon Quest and Final Fantasy IV.
Garris! Yes. The nasty Canasta.
Last email.
Hey, it's Chris109. I like this show.
Oh yeah, update PSP site. I still use it. I guess.
Not gonna happen.
Well, I mean, I'm talking about the grammar.
But my favorite game of 2012 is PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale.
And my disappointing game is Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword.
Okay. Thank you for sharing.
There's no why!
Yeah, we want to know why.
I'll tell you what this emailer did do, though.
Totally remind me of an unpopular gaming opinion.
Y'all ready? Y'all ready? Y'all ready?
Watch. Watch what I'm about to say.
And you fuckin' come at me, bro.
Ocarina of Time?
Ain't all that.
I fuckin' said it. Yeah, I did. Yeah, I did.
Yeah, I did. Come at me.
Majora's Mask. Not fun.
My favorite 3D Zelda game?
Wind Waker.
Link to the Past. Superior in every way.
Bring it.
Well, now that we just had, like, 50 people unsubscribe from the show,
thanks for the emails, guys!
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
In a related topic, let's get to the FUs of the week, shall we?
I can just see people, like, listening to this show at their work,
sitting at their desk, going, WHAT?
Now we're gonna have an angry mob coming after us.
Fuck people. Just seriously.
You know... I'll try.
No one likes being trolled.
No one likes being pushed.
And if someone has stated that they don't like something,
don't fucking rub it in.
I'm not gonna go on Facebook anymore. I'm done with it. I'm done with people.
There's all the more reason for me to just stay in my room
and not look at people or talk to them or anything.
I don't get people anymore.
We should cut Facebook in half and throw in a dumpster, honestly.
Seriously. Loki.
But that would be throwing books away.
And not our community.
So would you throw books away and save face?
No, you use the papers by your starter for the future.
Only when it's a safe day to burn, though.
Always check the burn.
Loki.
I guess I view the fact that game making is hard.
Are you making a game, Loki?
No, I'm not making a game.
I don't know if I have an FU of the week.
For the most part, things are going pretty well.
I guess I view the fact that the holidays are now totally, truly over
and so traffic will be bad once again tomorrow.
And that when it rains, nobody knows how to drive.
Come on, people. It's been raining since the dawn of time.
We should know how to drive in it by now.
Seriously. Stop it.
That's it for the FUs of the week.
Let's do a couple more news stories and then we will start taking your calls
at 1-877-GAME-OLR
or you can call us via Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to call us there.
But first, two more stories. Loki?
There was some concept art that came out for an unpublished hero title
from Activision, of course.
Sing Hero, which was, I believe, one of the trademarks
that they had filed a while back, in 2009 it looks like.
And of course, you know, that never happened because...
I don't know.
Maybe karaoke games weren't just that popular.
You are absolutely right. I remember reporting on those trademarks
and Sing Hero was one of them because we all theorized about
what Activision's Karaoke Revolution ripoff would look like.
So this really isn't a surprise.
Yeah, and they have, you know, the concept art
and it looks like they've got...
I don't know, a bunch of cliche-looking characters in there.
The artist that looks like she's wearing lingerie
and the teen queen who looks like she's Kelly Clarkson
and the rocker who looks like she shops at...
Kelly Clarkson's like 30 now, though.
Well...
But I guess this game was a few years old.
It's just very...
okay, I guess.
Alrighty. Well, I got a story.
Try not to get too upset, you guys.
I know you guys are big fans.
Although, I have to say...
Oh, never mind.
Sorry, real quick, real quick. I just want to comment.
The showman that they have on there kind of looks like Captain Jack.
You know, minus the hat.
It looks like a very, you know...
Maybe that or M. Bison. I can't really...
I may be confusing those.
Go! Left, go, right, go, pick up track.
Left, go, right, go, yay.
Alright.
Try not to get too upset at this last story tonight, everybody.
Get your Kleenexes out.
This is going to be sadder than Les Mis, y'all.
Zynga is pulling the plug on 11 of their games.
That's right.
The plug is being pulled on such games like Petville,
Indiana Jones Adventure World,
and Mafia Wars 2.
That one's actually kind of surprising.
I thought Mafia Wars was a big deal.
But they are being pulled from various phone app stores.
They're being shut down.
No longer accepting new players.
Also, a lot of games from Zynga Japan.
Because, as you know, they were closed.
So, if you were a big fan of Machi Suku,
or Moji Tomo, Montopia.
You know what Montopia is?
No, what is it?
It's a Pokemon ripoff.
Poor Zynga.
Oh yes, poor Zynga and their ripoff games.
Wait, you mean...
You mean copy doesn't pay?
Hey, don't copy that.
Don't copy that floppy Zynga.
Copy kills music.
1877 game OLR,
or our username is orangelaundryo on Skype.
The Skype line is open now if you want to give us a call.
Meanwhile, I will turn to Loki for last minute stories.
Although, I'm not expecting he has a lot tonight.
There's some information about Valve's Steam PC.
It's supposed to be coming out in 2013,
running on Linux as we kind of all figured.
I guess it's being reported from this German IT site, Gollum.
And one of the Valve engineers told an audience in Germany about this thing.
And I guess it's going to be revealed either at GDC or E3.
I would be surprised if it...
GDC makes sense.
I was kind of hoping it would be next week during CES.
Let's get to the phones. We got a call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio. Who's this?
Hello there, yo, OLR.
This is that one, AK Ripper from Sweden.
I haven't called you for like...
Oh, a few years.
I have fucking missed you.
I am so glad you are back, AK Ripper.
Good evening!
Of sorts.
What is on your mind, my friend? Long time.
Yeah, long time no see.
Or here. Whatever.
What's up?
Well, good question. Of sorts.
I usually...
Well, you already did your game of the year things. Of sorts.
And I haven't done any, so what the hell?
Well, mostly because, well, what?
How many games do I actually play that I can count that I thought was good this year?
Usually, I have to cut a few.
And I could cut a few fingers.
And it's like, well, I'm still having trouble to come up with a few.
So, what the hell?
You know, you're not the only one that feels that way.
There was some game outlet, and I can't remember who, and I don't remember if it was an indie or a major, and I apologize.
But they did not name Journey their game of the year.
They did not name Walking Dead their game of the year.
Or any of that other stuff.
Their game of the year was nothing.
There was nothing out this year that deserved to be called game of the year.
I thought that was a pretty ballsy thing to do, although it might have just been to get more hits and to get people like me to talk about it on their shows.
But they said, there is no game of the year.
Is that the camp you think you're in?
But...
But, well, sort of, in some way.
Because, well, here's the thing, though.
In a way, though, in a way you actually, what was it, someone said, gamelet, whatever.
They said, well, the year can sort of be told as like a few minor, huge disappointments of sorts.
Which, in a way, though, I would say that one of them was really a disappointment.
The other one, though, after all, in a way, not so much.
Amy 3.
Well, tell me already, what would you say was definitely a disappointment?
Diablo 3.
Oh, god, yes. I'm with you there.
But, no, not that, but really.
Diablo 3. Really. What the fucking hell?
What the fucking hell? I agree with you there. That's exactly what I said.
Now, the rage has already been passed on that, but we're just gonna say that, yes, it was a major, major disappointment.
In a way, sort of like, well, I have this big, fancy box of sorts, but I'm never gonna play you anyway.
Because, well, I only play it for a story, which means that, well, I'm gonna play you once, and then it was fun of sorts.
But, yeah, well, now what? Grind, like, a few hours for, like, a few, actually, game days?
Fucking hell, no.
That's what the internet said when they heard there was no LAN play in Diablo 3. What the fucking hell?
That is exactly what the internet said.
But, also, maybe it would be fun of sorts if I did have any friends to play it with, but since I don't, um, yeah.
Okay, ripper. Okay, ripper. I know you've got friends. I know you've got friends. You've got friends here at the OLR.
Oh, well, not in the, but I didn't look that, oh, well, not in the, um, okay, well, aha, I mean, not that way, but, well, I wasn't looking for a sort, but I have fun! Whatever.
Anyway, what the hell was a minor disappointment, too? Once again, though, ME3 of sorts, but then, in a way, they have quasi-repaired it of sorts since that extended cut of sorts.
And the DLC that's been released so far has been like, thank you, you should have said that, like, from the beginning, you fucks. Thank you.
The, you know what, with all the, the problem with Mass Effect 3 is that that game got dragged over the coals by the internet for the ending.
I mean, you would have thought they shot the pope. You would have thought BioWare shot the pope the way people reacted to the ending of that game, and it's like, it wasn't that bad.
And it's like, thank god, Square Enix, Square Enix should be thanking base god every day that the internet did not exist when Final Fantasy VII came out.
Because if Final Fantasy VII had had the internet the way, the way the internet exists today, can you imagine, they would have had to do Final Fantasy VII Part 2 just to fix the ending, I mean, in the fuckery in Final Fantasy VII's ending.
Let's be real. Final Fantasy VII, people look back and say, it's one of the best games of all time. The ending is fucking garbage. Is that an unpopular game opinion, DarkSakura? The ending of Final Fantasy VII is fucking garbage?
What had the worst ending? Mass Effect 3's original cut, which I know you've seen on YouTube, or Final Fantasy VII?
Final Fantasy VII.
Thank you.
Except, you know what the most disappointing part of that was?
Aerith's size opening.
Sorry, AK Ripper, I just...
Oh, well, other than that though, I got nothing of sorts. It's more like, hi, I'm still a hi, I do exist actually, and for some strange reason, I decided to reuptake of sorts my activities on Monday, what is it, Monday mornings, actually.
Because, well, you have your show on Monday morning, in this time.
That's right, over there in Sweden. Well, AK Ripper, I'm tickled pink that you called into the show tonight, so don't be a stranger.
No, no, no, we won't.
Oh, well, but, the hardest, as we say around these parts.
Alright, take care my friend, bye bye.
Yeah, later.
You know, I need to plan a trip to Sweden, not only will I visit my friend AK Ripper, but the ABBA museum is opening this year.
I'm just saying, girl, I'm just saying.
1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, if you would like to give us a call. Did you have other last minute stories?
No.
Okay, I do have some Twitter topics. Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to send some Twitter topics.
Which, looks like Tigerclaw is the only one remembering to send these, but maybe I'm not plugging in enough in the show, I don't know.
But he does send us a couple of news stories. One of them I want to read here.
Majesco Boston has closed. Oh, how did we look over that? That is unfortunate.
Yeah, Majesco Boston did close. This was a senior producer in a Facebook update. It said, I enjoyed my time at Majesco.
I hate that it ended so abruptly with the whole studio closing, but that's the way the industry is.
Anybody need a design director? Sorry to hear about that.
They have to hire me first.
During the holidays. Bastards.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Uh, Rama, who else would it be?
Hey, Rama, how you doing?
I'm doing good, how about you?
Good! Were you convention going this weekend? Were you at the, uh, what was it? MagFest?
Do not get me started on MagFest. I was supposed to go, but I didn't go.
Ooh, you sound a little ruffled. Alright, I will not go there.
Ruffle does not mean to describe, and if you've been following my private journal and so forth, you can kind of see posts in regards to why.
But if it's your private journal, how am I supposed to follow it? It's private.
But you're on the list. You're in the inner circle.
Oh, okay. Oh, I'm special. Yay.
So what you calling about tonight?
I just want to say that, um, Zelda 2 is the best Zelda game of all time.
Blasphemy!
Blasphemy nothing. It was an awesome side-scroller for what it was.
You and my husband agree.
Zelda 2 was pretty awesome. And part of the fact that it's awesome is that it's, like, hard as hell.
So, like, if you beat that game when you were, like, nine or ten years old, you're rad.
Hey, you want to know the main reason why Zelda 2 is the best one?
What?
You have a jump button.
Zing. But, I'm sorry, Link to the Past. All the way. Link to the Past.
See, that gets to number two in my book.
Ah. Zelda 2 is pretty good, though. Don't get me wrong.
And I don't, as before everybody sends in all the hate mail, again, I'm not calling Ocarina of Time a bad game, necessarily.
But just the wank on the internet about that game.
I don't know. Maybe I'm just old. I'm old and I don't get it. I'm out of tune.
But I think Zelda Link to the Past was just an amazing gaming experience, start to finish.
Oh, it is. But you know what? I'm an anime fandom. I'm getting old.
And I don't understand what the hell is going on there, either.
I just show up, take pictures, go back to the room, and party, and that's it.
What cons are on your calendar for 2013?
Well, this weekend we have Katori Cons, a small convention on a college campus.
And I think we are on break till PAX East.
PAX East would be fun. But I don't do traveling right now.
I'm hoping I can do PAX East. We'll see. I heard the media reg opened up, so I'll let you know.
You know, they have a local convention here in Sacramento, SacAnime, and it's been blowing up.
They are finally officially in the Sacramento Convention Center.
They had something like 5,000 people this weekend.
That's good. One of my friends, Kyle Hebert, he was there as a guest.
Oh, very nice. Very cool.
Sadly, we didn't go. You know, originally I had been scheduled to volunteer.
But then some things changed, and I didn't end up getting to do that.
And it was my anniversary Friday anyway, so it kind of didn't end up working out.
Wow. Well, I hope to see you at PAX East.
But if not, maybe I can convince you to come to Fanime. Maybe.
Well, I can't because I'll be going to Animazement.
Because a friend of mine, she's retiring from cosplay, a complete Sailor Moon troop.
I'm showing up as Human Artemis, so yeah.
Alright, alright. What about Dragon Con?
Because I have not been asked, I've been told I'm going to Dragon Con.
Well, if none of my peeps are going to AWA, which is at the end of the month in Atlanta,
I may just show up at Dragon Con.
Make it happen, bro.
We'll see what we can do. We'll have to play the boys are back in town.
Before I let you go, anything to plug on Anime Jam Session coming up?
On your show that's on Tuesdays here at VOG.
No, not yet, but I didn't know I was going so long because I have an awesome gaming story to tell you.
Oh!
From what's going on in my family.
Please, go ahead.
Okay, now my sister, she has a baby girl, and they were playing Kingdom Hearts together,
so she gave my niece a controller that's not working so she can help fight the Heartless.
Okay.
So after one of the battles was finished, my sister told her that they need to fight a few more
so they can get more money to buy new armor.
So my niece went, oh right, she jumps up, ran to the kitchen where my sister heard something rummaging.
My niece comes back and dumps down a fistful of coins on her lap with a smile and says,
let's go buy some more armors, mommy.
That is adorable.
Yes.
And this kid is only two and a half.
Potential future gamer?
Oh, you got that right.
Well said, well said.
Well said.
All right, well Rama, I should probably let you go so we can try to get one more call,
but thank you very much for the call tonight.
Anytime.
All right, take care, buddy.
Later.
Lata 1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, if you want to give us a call.
Checking the Twitters real quick for one more Twitter topic, because I know TigerClaud sent us something else.
Ed, the FTC orders Google to stop charging high royalties on FRAND-related patents.
There was a lot in the news this week about Google and so forth and antitrust decisions and all this stuff.
The FTC issued a consent order this week forbidding Google from charging a lot of money
for certain critical patents it gained when it bought Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion in May 2012.
Good news for Apple and Microsoft, but particularly for Microsoft,
because Motorola Mobility wanted to charge $4 billion a year in royalties for patents Motorola holds on Wi-Fi and video technology.
Let's go to the phones.
We've got more calls coming in.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
I'm Stoke Broken Chat.
Hey, what is up?
And we even see video, a video caller.
Good job.
Hey, how you doing?
Good.
Sorry we don't have our webcam up, but what is on your mind, my friend?
Nothing.
This is the first time I've actually listened live.
I usually listen to it as a podcast.
Yeah?
Yeah, it's a different experience watching the chat go by.
Yeah, it's like having that live commentary track we were talking about earlier.
You get to have that happening.
Yeah.
So what has been most different about listening live?
Just having the chatters or?
Well, the fact that I was listening live and then you picked up right away and I was confused what was going on.
It's a little weird at first.
That's how it works.
There's not a big delay, but it's there.
Well, what are you doing in gaming these days?
What kind of video games do you play?
I typically am a...
I've been switching from console gaming to PC gaming.
It's...
I don't know why I'll even buy, like, when we have a big Steam sale, I'll buy a lot of Steam games and then...
Even if I've already played them and beat them on Xbox, I don't know what I've been doing.
I was just going to say, Steam probably made you a PC gamer.
Yeah.
And a lot of the deals that you get on Steam.
So, did you get suckered in this last holiday sale?
Oh, God, yeah.
Well, what'd you get?
Well, I got both the Hummel THQ bundle, the Hummel Indie bundle, and then, like, ten other games on Steam.
Oh, boy.
Haven't even played most of them.
You're a PC gamer now.
Those consoles will be collecting dust.
But, you know, this is a big year.
We might have a new Xbox out this year, so do you think the consoles might bring you back if we get, you know, a fancy new Xbox or what have you?
Oh, of course, because I'm not spending that much money to upgrade my PC again.
But you dropped $400 on the new Xbox?
Of course.
Nice.
So, what kind of console games do you play?
Pretty much anything.
I nerded out for, like, two weeks on Far Cry 3.
That's been getting a lot of good feedback.
Love it.
What is it about Far Cry 3 you enjoy?
I think, Loki, you're a fan of Far Cry as well, right?
I got bored of it.
You got bored of it?
Yeah.
Oh.
Let me go back.
What was Loki doing wrong?
You weren't placing mines in front of boars and making them run towards you.
I was not doing that.
I should be doing that.
Maybe next time.
Yeah.
Or killing tigers with bow and arrow.
That was the worst, worst mission ever.
What game are you most looking forward to in 2013?
Probably Bioshock Infinite.
Oh, yes.
A lot of people waiting for that proper sequel, quote unquote, to Bioshock.
Very soon now, right?
Is that March?
Coming out March?
Like, Bioshock Infinite and Tomb Raider.
Back to back, aren't they?
Yeah.
It's going to be an exciting year for games, that's for sure.
All right.
Push it back again.
Well, Stealthpoke, anything else on your mind tonight before I let you go, buddy?
Nope.
Just don't bother calling.
All right.
Well, you made it.
Tell all your friends.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Thanks.
All right.
Thanks for the video call as well.
You're a good listener.
We like the video calls.
Take care, buddy.
You too.
Bye.
Excellent job by Stealthpoke.
Great first call.
All right.
Thank you so much for joining tonight.
I'm very sorry to those of you that didn't get through.
But consider sending an email with your thoughts.
Mailbag at orangelandrado.com.
Or send us a tweet in the future.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And I think with that, we're going to start to wrap up the show.
I know it's not as long of a show as last week.
But come on, guys.
Last week's show was practically a marathon.
Did you know, actually, last week's was the biggest MP3 I've ever put to the server?
Because the marathon show, the proper one a couple years ago, was split up into three
parts.
So last week's show was the longest show we've had outside of that marathon.
So food for thought.
So it's a little short.
It's a little under three hours this week.
But that's all right.
There was a little less gaming news as well.
It's kind of still a slow week because people take the rest of this week off for the holidays
sometimes, too, because the kids are still off from school or what have you.
So I think things will be back in a full swing next week as we ramp up towards the big release
of games such as BioShock Infinite, as our last caller mentioned there.
Or Devil May Cry in a couple weeks.
Devil May Cry coming out very soon.
I know Tomb Raider.
We got big news over the holiday about multiplayer and Tomb Raider.
A lot of the internet was raging against that.
I'm not sure I get it because multiplayer only made Mass Effect 3 better.
But we'll see.
We'll see.
We'll see when the game comes out.
So be sure to send us an email and let us know what you think of the upcoming games
and what you're looking forward to.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And before I go around and get everybody's final thoughts, you know, we always say it
here on the show.
We really mean it.
You know, we don't ask for your money to do this program.
You can send it to me.
Well, we don't try to.
But you could donate it to Vogue.
We don't try to sell you anything or what have you.
All we ask, if you enjoy the show, help us spread the word.
Bring more people into our family.
Get more people like Stealth Pope to listen live.
You can always tell a friend about the show on social media.
Facebook and Google Plus and so forth.
Leave us a nice review on iTunes.
That always helps as well.
Thumbs up in Stitcher and listening to us in Stitcher and giving good feedback there
helps our ranking there.
All of it really goes a long way.
Please help us spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio.
We really, truly appreciate it.
All right.
Now is the time where we go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
I'll start tonight.
My final thought is, Jamie, you are an evil, evil, evil woman for bringing that peppermint bark into the house.
It was so delicious.
You're welcome.
All right.
Dark Sakura, your final thought.
I don't have one.
Oh, an apathetic final thought tonight.
That's all right.
Reject false icons.
I'll do that for her.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
Skyrim is going to be really goofy once I get playing it.
I've got a lot of weird mods I'm going to put on this thing.
All right.
You'll have to post some lolsy pictures up on the chat.
VoG Minecraft is still going, yes?
Yeah, VoG Minecraft is going, although I haven't played it all this week.
Probably going to go back at some point.
Time splitting between 40 different things.
And by the way, check your Twitters because there's a podcast inviting you on.
I saw on the Twitters.
I actually have a question for you about the server.
How do you put up a sign that shows where your area is?
Oh, it's a command you have to do.
I don't know if everyone has permissions to do the dynamap stuff, but I can do that.
Well, if you found my little burrow in the ground, then it's near the big sign in the center of the map.
I'll add permissions if I haven't done that already.
All right.
Sounds good.
Well, thank you again for downloading and listening to our show.
We really appreciate it.
Have a great week, guys.
Next week, we will be back to do it all again live.
Jason is going to be joining us along with Ryan.
They're going to be back next week.
I think Jason was here a couple months ago.
Ryan was here for the 10th anniversary show.
They will be back.
We'll catch up with them.
And we'll catch up with all of you next week here at the Voice of Geeks Network in the battle space.
Thank you for supporting independent podcasting.
You guys are awesome.
We love the O.L. Army.
Good night.
We're all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.